story:  John didn't know he was being followed. "When he got on the train, a man approached him." He handed John a small piece of paper. It said RAVINCORP in bold letters. "John had been offered a job by the CIA, he just didn't know it yet."	 query:event: The man was holding a piece of paper starts before He hand John a small piece of paper  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Paul hates his job. Everyday at work he gets angry and says mean things to people. Paul's boss gave him a verbal warning about his attitude at work. Currently Paul is on a performance plan at work. Next month Paul will be fired.	 query:event: Paul is not friendly. starts after Paul hat his job  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Paul hates his job. Everyday at work he gets angry and says mean things to people. Paul's boss gave him a verbal warning about his attitude at work. Currently Paul is on a performance plan at work. Next month Paul will be fired.	 query:event: Paul is not friendly. starts before Paul hat his job  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Paul hates his job. Everyday at work he gets angry and says mean things to people. Paul's boss gave him a verbal warning about his attitude at work. Currently Paul is on a performance plan at work. Next month Paul will be fired.	 query:event: Paul's coworkers do not like him. starts after Paul hat his job  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Paul hates his job. Everyday at work he gets angry and says mean things to people. Paul's boss gave him a verbal warning about his attitude at work. Currently Paul is on a performance plan at work. Next month Paul will be fired.	 query:event: Paul's coworkers do not like him. starts before Paul hat his job  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tim was visiting his grandparents. They didn't have wifi or fast internet. Their connection was still using dial up. Tim tried to use the internet but it was just too slow. He decided to just use his smart phone instead.	 query:event: Dial up internet is not as good starts before Tim visit his grandparents  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tim was visiting his grandparents. They didn't have wifi or fast internet. Their connection was still using dial up. Tim tried to use the internet but it was just too slow. He decided to just use his smart phone instead.	 query:event: Dial up internet is not as good starts after Tim visit his grandparents  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  The guy who saved my car had acted quickly. We decided to fish together and pool our knowledge. The fish like to hang out in a weedy area of the lake. He used one side and I got the other. "Between use, we caught 40 bluegill."	 query:event: The guy who saved my car is alive starts before We decide to fish together and pool our knowledge  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  The guy who saved my car had acted quickly. We decided to fish together and pool our knowledge. The fish like to hang out in a weedy area of the lake. He used one side and I got the other. "Between use, we caught 40 bluegill."	 query:event: The guy who saved my car is alive starts after We decide to fish together and pool our knowledge  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Michael was playing ball with his friends. His friend tossed the ball to him. Instead, it landed up on the roof. Michael decided to climb up to get it. Luckily, he was able to find it.	 query:event: A neighbor shouted at Michael to get down starts after Michael decide to climb up to get it  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Michael was playing ball with his friends. His friend tossed the ball to him. Instead, it landed up on the roof. Michael decided to climb up to get it. Luckily, he was able to find it.	 query:event: A neighbor shouted at Michael to get down starts before Michael decide to climb up to get it  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Juan worked for a local landscaping company. One day he was trimming hedges in a flower bed. He did not see the coral snake in the flower bed. The coral snake bit Juan on his ankle. Juan could not work for several days because of the snake bite.	 query:event: Juan was holding a hedge trimmer. starts before he trim hedges in a flower bed  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Juan worked for a local landscaping company. One day he was trimming hedges in a flower bed. He did not see the coral snake in the flower bed. The coral snake bit Juan on his ankle. Juan could not work for several days because of the snake bite.	 query:event: Juan was holding a hedge trimmer. starts after he trim hedges in a flower bed  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jenny's dad took her to the pound to pick out a kitten. She found the perfect kitten but there was a problem. Her kitten was in the same cage as a friend. She didn't want to break them up. She was delighted when her dad said they could take both home.	 query:event: Jenny's dad could afford both kittens. starts before She find the perfect kitten  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jenny's dad took her to the pound to pick out a kitten. She found the perfect kitten but there was a problem. Her kitten was in the same cage as a friend. She didn't want to break them up. She was delighted when her dad said they could take both home.	 query:event: Jenny's dad could afford both kittens. starts after She find the perfect kitten  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I like going to a brewery a few blocks from my house. It has a very convenient location for me. It offers free pint glasses on each patron's first tour. I have a cabinet full of those pint glasses. I simply buy the tour any time I see a new employee.	 query:event: The speaker enjoys collecting pint glasses starts before seeing a new employee and buying a tour  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I like going to a brewery a few blocks from my house. It has a very convenient location for me. It offers free pint glasses on each patron's first tour. I have a cabinet full of those pint glasses. I simply buy the tour any time I see a new employee.	 query:event: The speaker enjoys collecting pint glasses starts after seeing a new employee and buying a tour  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Brent is an avid hunter. Brent wanted to shoot a deer. Brent put on his camouflage gear. Brent was not able to hunt a deer. Brent went home disappointed.	 query:event: Brent brought his hunting gear with him. starts after Brent put on his camouflage gear.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Brent is an avid hunter. Brent wanted to shoot a deer. Brent put on his camouflage gear. Brent was not able to hunt a deer. Brent went home disappointed.	 query:event: Brent brought his hunting gear with him. starts before Brent put on his camouflage gear.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Ron and Hermione reunited for the first time in a decade. Ron complimented Harmony on how fit she'd stayed. Harmony noted how dapper Ron looked. The old friends shared a quiet cup of tea. They sipped their drinks and watched the storm rage outside the cafe.	 query:event: Hermione felt a little proud. starts before the old friends shared a quiet cup of tea  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Ron and Hermione reunited for the first time in a decade. Ron complimented Harmony on how fit she'd stayed. Harmony noted how dapper Ron looked. The old friends shared a quiet cup of tea. They sipped their drinks and watched the storm rage outside the cafe.	 query:event: Hermione felt a little proud. starts after the old friends shared a quiet cup of tea  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Bill loved to play in the forest. "One day, while playing a game, bill got himself lost." He walked around the forest for hours. "Finally, his mother came into the forest and brought bill back home." Bill was happy to be home with his mother!	 query:event: Bill was afraid starts before bill got himself lost  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Burt left his car windows down one sunny day in New Jersey. The weather changed and soon it started to downpour. Burt ran to his car and rolled up his windows during the storm. The inside was not very wet yet. Burt sighed in relief and vowed to never be so foolish again.	 query:event: Burt looked out the window. starts before Burt roll his windows  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Burt left his car windows down one sunny day in New Jersey. The weather changed and soon it started to downpour. Burt ran to his car and rolled up his windows during the storm. The inside was not very wet yet. Burt sighed in relief and vowed to never be so foolish again.	 query:event: Burt looked out the window. starts after Burt roll his windows  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Josh loved to eat steak. His wife did not like steak. Josh wanted to get a good steak. He left his wife to go to the steakhouse. Now he is filing for divorce.	 query:event: Josh and his wife were having marital problems starts before do  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Josh loved to eat steak. His wife did not like steak. Josh wanted to get a good steak. He left his wife to go to the steakhouse. Now he is filing for divorce.	 query:event: Josh and his wife were having marital problems starts after do  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Lagertha didn't like being told what to do. Her mother told her to clean her room. "Lagertha refused, and went outside to play with her friends." "When she returned at dusk, there was candy and roast lamb to eat." "Her mother forbid her to have any though, and sent her to her room."	 query:event: The mom cooked dinner all day starts after Lagethera refused to clean her room and left  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Lagertha didn't like being told what to do. Her mother told her to clean her room. "Lagertha refused, and went outside to play with her friends." "When she returned at dusk, there was candy and roast lamb to eat." "Her mother forbid her to have any though, and sent her to her room."	 query:event: The mom cooked dinner all day starts before Lagethera refused to clean her room and left  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jenny could not get the thought of a cheeseburger out of her mind. Jenny logged onto Yelp to find out where to get the best cheeseburger. Jenny located a fast food restaurant nearby that had good ratings. Jenny got into her car and drove to the fast food restaurant. Jenny ordered a cheeseburger and ate it in her car.	 query:event: Jenny was at home starts before Jenny locate a fast food restaurant nearby that had good ratings  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jenny could not get the thought of a cheeseburger out of her mind. Jenny logged onto Yelp to find out where to get the best cheeseburger. Jenny located a fast food restaurant nearby that had good ratings. Jenny got into her car and drove to the fast food restaurant. Jenny ordered a cheeseburger and ate it in her car.	 query:event: Jenny was at home starts after Jenny locate a fast food restaurant nearby that had good ratings  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Brittany needs money for bills. She checked her bank account but it was empty. Brittany decided she needed another job. Brittany decided to use Amazon Mechanical Turk! "Now, Brittany has a great job, and can pay all of her bills!"	 query:event: Brittany looked up ways to make money online starts after She check her bank account  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Brittany needs money for bills. She checked her bank account but it was empty. Brittany decided she needed another job. Brittany decided to use Amazon Mechanical Turk! "Now, Brittany has a great job, and can pay all of her bills!"	 query:event: Brittany looked up ways to make money online starts before She check her bank account  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jill is driving down the road. Her car starts to make a strange noise. She pulls over and checks the hood. It's smoking everywhere. She calls triple A for help with her car.	 query:event: Jill needs help fixing her car starts before she calls triple A for help with her car  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jill is driving down the road. Her car starts to make a strange noise. She pulls over and checks the hood. It's smoking everywhere. She calls triple A for help with her car.	 query:event: Jill needs help fixing her car starts after she calls triple A for help with her car  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jack has a test in science. He has been studying all week. He still does not feel ready. Jack got to his test and failed. He begged his teacher for a retake and she said no.	 query:event: Jack stayed up all night studying starts after He study  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jack has a test in science. He has been studying all week. He still does not feel ready. Jack got to his test and failed. He begged his teacher for a retake and she said no.	 query:event: Jack stayed up all night studying starts before He study  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tara's daughter Lea informed her that she needed candy. She learned that Lea's class was having a party. Tara made plans on going to the store for some. She wrote it down on a list so they wouldn't forget. "Later that afternoon, they were able to pick some up."	 query:event: Lea was excited about the party. starts after Tara make plans on going to the store for some  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Nicole was watching a movie on her iPad. She heard a noise in the other end of the house. "She got up to check, and fell." "After picking up the iPad, Nicole realized the screen was cracked." She decided to take it to the store and see if it could be fixed.	 query:event: Nicole realized she left the door unlocked. starts after She decide to take it to the store and see if it could be fixed  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Nicole was watching a movie on her iPad. She heard a noise in the other end of the house. "She got up to check, and fell." "After picking up the iPad, Nicole realized the screen was cracked." She decided to take it to the store and see if it could be fixed.	 query:event: Nicole realized she left the door unlocked. starts before She decide to take it to the store and see if it could be fixed  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Maggie was a pregnant lady. One morning she was trying to brush her teeth. "No matter what she did, the toothbrush made her gag." The more she tried the more nausea she felt. She eventually gave up and just used mouthwash.	 query:event: Maggie stopped brushing her teeth starts after stopping the toothbrush  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Thomas was up for an award. He thought he was a shoe in and everyone else did too. " When the name was called for the award though, it wasn't his." Thomas felt sad but he didn't give up. Next year Thomas worked even harder and won the award.	 query:event: Thomas asked what he needed to do better starts before Thomas be up for an award  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I sent my friend a thank you gift. "A few weeks later, she posted a picture on facebook." It was a picture of a lasane in the pan I had sent her. It said Leah's Kickasserole on the side. She posted how much she loved the dish.	 query:event: My friend tasted her lasange starts after It say Leah 's Kickasserole on the side  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I sent my friend a thank you gift. "A few weeks later, she posted a picture on facebook." It was a picture of a lasane in the pan I had sent her. It said Leah's Kickasserole on the side. She posted how much she loved the dish.	 query:event: My friend tasted her lasange starts before It say Leah 's Kickasserole on the side  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Dana was a new preschool teacher in Texas. She loved her job and students very much. Dana always kept a watchful eye over her students. During nap time one student began to have a seizure. Dana reacted immediately and saved her student's life!	 query:event: Dana's student was alive starts before She love her job and students very much  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Dana was a new preschool teacher in Texas. She loved her job and students very much. Dana always kept a watchful eye over her students. During nap time one student began to have a seizure. Dana reacted immediately and saved her student's life!	 query:event: Dana's student was alive starts after She love her job and students very much  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Henry had several seconds to shoot the ball. He couldn't get through the double team so he ran through them. He got fouled by one of the opponents but ended up throwing the ball. The ball landed into the hoop. His team ran towards him to congratulate him.	 query:event: Henry was running very fast starts after he couldn't get through the double team  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Henry had several seconds to shoot the ball. He couldn't get through the double team so he ran through them. He got fouled by one of the opponents but ended up throwing the ball. The ball landed into the hoop. His team ran towards him to congratulate him.	 query:event: Henry was running very fast starts before he couldn't get through the double team  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Carter slept in his crib. "In the morning, he climbed out of it." His dad transitioned the bed into a toddler bed. Carter discovered that he could just get into his bed without climbing. Carter now sleeps in his toddler bed.	 query:event: Carter wore pajamas starts before Carter sleep in his crib  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Carter slept in his crib. "In the morning, he climbed out of it." His dad transitioned the bed into a toddler bed. Carter discovered that he could just get into his bed without climbing. Carter now sleeps in his toddler bed.	 query:event: Carter wore pajamas starts after Carter sleep in his crib  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Everyone got together. They were celebrating Chris's 13th birthday. "However, some of his relatives were arguing about money." One ended up being punched. Chris's father had to kick them out of the house.	 query:event: Chris had a father. starts before One end being punched  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Everyone got together. They were celebrating Chris's 13th birthday. "However, some of his relatives were arguing about money." One ended up being punched. Chris's father had to kick them out of the house.	 query:event: Chris had a father. starts after One end being punched  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jenny was crouched behind the fence. She had hand-packed thirty snowballs. Her brother came around the corner. Jenny stood to throw her snowballs. Five armed boys showered her with snowballs.	 query:event: Jenney held snow in her hands starts before She had hand-packed thirty snowballs.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jenny was crouched behind the fence. She had hand-packed thirty snowballs. Her brother came around the corner. Jenny stood to throw her snowballs. Five armed boys showered her with snowballs.	 query:event: Jenney held snow in her hands starts after She had hand-packed thirty snowballs.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Milwaukee resident Wallace wanted to go swimming in the lake. "It was early September, and he donned his swim trunks." He drove to the lake and found parking. The water was already far too cold for him to swim. Wallace went home unsatisfied.	 query:event: Wallace wanted to swim in early September. starts after Wallace go home unsatisfied  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Milwaukee resident Wallace wanted to go swimming in the lake. "It was early September, and he donned his swim trunks." He drove to the lake and found parking. The water was already far too cold for him to swim. Wallace went home unsatisfied.	 query:event: Wallace wanted to swim in early September. starts before Wallace go home unsatisfied  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  "My friend Joe has a son, 16." When his son was 13 he told his dad there was no summer reading. Joe believed his son. I went online and found the school did have summer reading. "Joe told his son to do the reading, plus one book."	 query:event: Joe was angry about his son's lie starts before Joe believe his son  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  "My friend Joe has a son, 16." When his son was 13 he told his dad there was no summer reading. Joe believed his son. I went online and found the school did have summer reading. "Joe told his son to do the reading, plus one book."	 query:event: Joe was angry about his son's lie starts after Joe believe his son  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Ed was learning to play poker. His friends had thrown all their cards in. Wd looked so glum that they felt sure to win. But then Ed threw down his cards: full house! They groaned to see that he had already mastered the poker face.	 query:event: Ed was putting on a show starts before he looked glum  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Sara and Joseph were planning their wedding. They were on a tight budget. They couldn't afford a three tiered cake. Sara ordered a one tier cake and baked matching cupcakes. The cupcakes were a big hit amongst the guest.	 query:event: Sara and Joseph bought cupcake ingredients starts before Sara ordered a one tier cake and baked matching cupcakes.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I never sit in a chair normally. I sat down a minute ago and pulled my feet up. I balanced one foot underneath me. Then I put my knee up by my chest. I sat there resembling a monkey while I worked.	 query:event: One foot was touching the floor starts before I balanced one foot underneath me  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I never sit in a chair normally. I sat down a minute ago and pulled my feet up. I balanced one foot underneath me. Then I put my knee up by my chest. I sat there resembling a monkey while I worked.	 query:event: One foot was touching the floor starts after I balanced one foot underneath me  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Nola was slim and pretty. She wanted to be a model. She contacted an agency and showed them some photos. "But to her surprise, the agency did not sign her!" They told Nola she was too short to model.	 query:event: Nola takes some photos of herself modeling starts after She want to be a model  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I work hard everyday to be independent. Sometimes I don't have anything to show how hard I work. I treat myself to fast bard when I can. I steal salt and pepper packets from restaurants. I fill my home salt and pepper shakers with stolen condiment packets.	 query:event: I return home from the restaurant. starts after I steal salt and pepper packets from the restaurant.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tim and John were good friends. They desired to play a game together. Tim mentioned he had dice in his pocket. John suggested they play dice. They played dice.	 query:event: John's favorite game was dice. starts before Tim and John be good friends  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tim and John were good friends. They desired to play a game together. Tim mentioned he had dice in his pocket. John suggested they play dice. They played dice.	 query:event: John's favorite game was dice. starts after Tim and John be good friends  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  The grocery store near Amy's house is always crowded in the summer. The tourists came in droves and bought out all the condiments. "Amy just wanted to buy some milk, but she got stuck in a long line." "Every time she switched lines, they just got longer!" "Finally, Amy decided to eat her cereal without milk instead."	 query:event: Amy did not enjoy her cereal starts after she decided to eat her cereal without milk instead  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  The grocery store near Amy's house is always crowded in the summer. The tourists came in droves and bought out all the condiments. "Amy just wanted to buy some milk, but she got stuck in a long line." "Every time she switched lines, they just got longer!" "Finally, Amy decided to eat her cereal without milk instead."	 query:event: Amy did not enjoy her cereal starts before she decided to eat her cereal without milk instead  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Glenn bought his cats a feather toy. The cats seemed to love when Glenn played with them with the toy. "Eventually, though, they stole it and hid under the bed with it." "When Glenn finally retrieved the toy, the cats had torn it apart." He had to get them a new one the next day.	 query:event: Glenn owns a bed starts after The cats seem to love  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Glenn bought his cats a feather toy. The cats seemed to love when Glenn played with them with the toy. "Eventually, though, they stole it and hid under the bed with it." "When Glenn finally retrieved the toy, the cats had torn it apart." He had to get them a new one the next day.	 query:event: Glenn owns a bed starts before The cats seem to love  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Daniel was setting up for Thanksgiving dinner. She needed to arrange place cards for everyone. At first she put her brother and uncle near each other. "Then, her sister warned her that the two had been fighting." She managed to change the arrangement right before they arrived.	 query:event: it is thanksgiving day starts before she put her brother and uncle near each other  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Daniel was setting up for Thanksgiving dinner. She needed to arrange place cards for everyone. At first she put her brother and uncle near each other. "Then, her sister warned her that the two had been fighting." She managed to change the arrangement right before they arrived.	 query:event: it is thanksgiving day starts after she put her brother and uncle near each other  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Nicole was watching a movie on her iPad. She heard a noise in the other end of the house. "She got up to check, and fell." "After picking up the iPad, Nicole realized the screen was cracked." She decided to take it to the store and see if it could be fixed.	 query:event: Nicole dropped her iPad as she fell starts after she fell  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jeremy had never tried Mexican food. One day his friends took him to an authentic Mexican restaurant. Jeremy decided to try the cheese enchiladas with rice and beans. He thought his meal was delicious. Jeremy went back several times afterward to try other entrees.	 query:event: Jeremy ordered dessert starts after he thought his meal was delicious  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jeremy had never tried Mexican food. One day his friends took him to an authentic Mexican restaurant. Jeremy decided to try the cheese enchiladas with rice and beans. He thought his meal was delicious. Jeremy went back several times afterward to try other entrees.	 query:event: Jeremy ordered dessert starts before he thought his meal was delicious  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Joe had to deliver one-hundred guns to the rebels in Carson. He filled up his wagon with them and covered them with a blanket. He didn't expect to be searched, so he didn't bother hiding them. When he saw the border guards, he almost ran for it. Somehow he kept his cool and made it across.	 query:event: The border guards hated the rebels. starts before He n't expect to be searched  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Joe had to deliver one-hundred guns to the rebels in Carson. He filled up his wagon with them and covered them with a blanket. He didn't expect to be searched, so he didn't bother hiding them. When he saw the border guards, he almost ran for it. Somehow he kept his cool and made it across.	 query:event: The border guards hated the rebels. starts after He n't expect to be searched  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jax worked for a mechanic's shop. A customer brought in a car for a repair. The customer left her purse in the car. Jax stole the purse. Jax was fired for taking the purse.	 query:event: The customer noticed her purse was missing. starts after jax stole the purse  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jax worked for a mechanic's shop. A customer brought in a car for a repair. The customer left her purse in the car. Jax stole the purse. Jax was fired for taking the purse.	 query:event: The customer noticed her purse was missing. starts before jax stole the purse  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Kay was attending a self empowerment seminar. She was excited as the first presenter was her favorite author. "She sat through the opening session, rapt with attention." "By the end of the day, her head was full of great ideas." She went back to her hotel room to rest for the next day's conference.	 query:event: Kay had a long day. starts before Kay attend a self empowerment seminar  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Kay was attending a self empowerment seminar. She was excited as the first presenter was her favorite author. "She sat through the opening session, rapt with attention." "By the end of the day, her head was full of great ideas." She went back to her hotel room to rest for the next day's conference.	 query:event: Kay had a long day. starts after Kay attend a self empowerment seminar  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Emma was getting ready to graduate from high school. She wanted to go to college but could not afford it. Her parents were unable to help her financially. Emma received a letter from the scholarship organization. She received the scholarship and was able to attend college.	 query:event: Emma graduated high school starts after she received a letter from the scholarship organization  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Emma was getting ready to graduate from high school. She wanted to go to college but could not afford it. Her parents were unable to help her financially. Emma received a letter from the scholarship organization. She received the scholarship and was able to attend college.	 query:event: Emma graduated high school starts before she received a letter from the scholarship organization  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Amy was at the theater to see a movie. She wanted popcorn, and candy, and soda. She only had $5 for snacks. Amy could only have one of the snacks she wanted. Beth offered to share her popcorn so Amy could buy candy.	 query:event: Amy brought more money but only had $5 for snacks starts before She only have $ 5 for snacks  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Amy was at the theater to see a movie. She wanted popcorn, and candy, and soda. She only had $5 for snacks. Amy could only have one of the snacks she wanted. Beth offered to share her popcorn so Amy could buy candy.	 query:event: Amy brought more money but only had $5 for snacks starts after She only have $ 5 for snacks  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Nicole was watching a movie on her iPad. She heard a noise in the other end of the house. "She got up to check, and fell." "After picking up the iPad, Nicole realized the screen was cracked." She decided to take it to the store and see if it could be fixed.	 query:event: Nicole was alone in the house starts before Nicole watch a movie on her iPad  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Kathy didn't like Sue. Kathy started rumours about Sue. Sue found out Kathy was talking about her. Sue and Kathy got in an argument. Sue never talked to Kathy again.	 query:event: Sue leaves a negative impression on Kathy. starts before Kathy start rumours about Sue  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Kathy didn't like Sue. Kathy started rumours about Sue. Sue found out Kathy was talking about her. Sue and Kathy got in an argument. Sue never talked to Kathy again.	 query:event: Sue leaves a negative impression on Kathy. starts after Kathy start rumours about Sue  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  A flock of pigeons were flying in one direction. They landed on top of an electrical wire. A human was walking around. They tried to move the wire to get through. The birds quickly flew away.	 query:event: The person didn't want to chase the birds away starts before They try to move the wire to get through  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  A flock of pigeons were flying in one direction. They landed on top of an electrical wire. A human was walking around. They tried to move the wire to get through. The birds quickly flew away.	 query:event: The person didn't want to chase the birds away starts after They try to move the wire to get through  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tim got nervous when he couldn't find his wallet. "He looked all around his office, to no avail." He borrowed money from a friend for lunch. He left work early and went home to search. He was relieved to find his wallet under his bed.	 query:event: Tim reached for his wallet starts before Tim get nervous  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tim got nervous when he couldn't find his wallet. "He looked all around his office, to no avail." He borrowed money from a friend for lunch. He left work early and went home to search. He was relieved to find his wallet under his bed.	 query:event: Tim reached for his wallet starts after Tim get nervous  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  The scouts gathered around the hot fire. The scoutmaster had five initiates lined up ready to walk. He prepped their feet and they started to walk across the coals. As the last initiate successfully made it across, the scouts cheered. The s'mores and marshmallows were brought out to celebrate.	 query:event: The scoutmaster talked to the five initiates. starts before the scoutmaster had five initiates lined up ready to walk.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  The scouts gathered around the hot fire. The scoutmaster had five initiates lined up ready to walk. He prepped their feet and they started to walk across the coals. As the last initiate successfully made it across, the scouts cheered. The s'mores and marshmallows were brought out to celebrate.	 query:event: The scoutmaster talked to the five initiates. starts after the scoutmaster had five initiates lined up ready to walk.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jeremy had never tried Mexican food. One day his friends took him to an authentic Mexican restaurant. Jeremy decided to try the cheese enchiladas with rice and beans. He thought his meal was delicious. Jeremy went back several times afterward to try other entrees.	 query:event: Jeremy sent his compliments to the chef. starts before he went back several times  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jeremy had never tried Mexican food. One day his friends took him to an authentic Mexican restaurant. Jeremy decided to try the cheese enchiladas with rice and beans. He thought his meal was delicious. Jeremy went back several times afterward to try other entrees.	 query:event: Jeremy sent his compliments to the chef. starts after he went back several times  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jane like to rollerblade. She took out her blades and put them on her feet. It was a bit rainy outside so she asked her mom if it was ok. Her mom agreed that Jane only stay outside for a few minutes. Jane went outside and rolled around the block.	 query:event: Jane has a mom  starts before It be a bit rainy outside so she asked her mom if it was ok  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jane like to rollerblade. She took out her blades and put them on her feet. It was a bit rainy outside so she asked her mom if it was ok. Her mom agreed that Jane only stay outside for a few minutes. Jane went outside and rolled around the block.	 query:event: Jane has a mom  starts after It be a bit rainy outside so she asked her mom if it was ok  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I was sitting in class falling asleep. "Suddenly, the teacher asked me a question." I sat there speechless. I randomly told the teacher that two was the answer. "Surprisingly, I was completely right."	 query:event: The class was silent starts after the teacher asked me a question  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I was sitting in class falling asleep. "Suddenly, the teacher asked me a question." I sat there speechless. I randomly told the teacher that two was the answer. "Surprisingly, I was completely right."	 query:event: The class was silent starts before the teacher asked me a question  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I work hard everyday to be independent. Sometimes I don't have anything to show how hard I work. I treat myself to fast bard when I can. I steal salt and pepper packets from restaurants. I fill my home salt and pepper shakers with stolen condiment packets.	 query:event: I order food from the menu. starts after I treat myself to fast food when I can.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I work hard everyday to be independent. Sometimes I don't have anything to show how hard I work. I treat myself to fast bard when I can. I steal salt and pepper packets from restaurants. I fill my home salt and pepper shakers with stolen condiment packets.	 query:event: I order food from the menu. starts before I treat myself to fast food when I can.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jack has a test in science. He has been studying all week. He still does not feel ready. Jack got to his test and failed. He begged his teacher for a retake and she said no.	 query:event: Jack failed the class starts after Jack failed the test  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jack has a test in science. He has been studying all week. He still does not feel ready. Jack got to his test and failed. He begged his teacher for a retake and she said no.	 query:event: Jack failed the class starts before Jack failed the test  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Cayla was running in the park one day when she fell to the grass. She tried to stand back up but the world around her was spinning. She started to cry and her mom ran to her to care for her. She told her mom everything was spinning and they went to the ER. The ER Doctor diagnosed Cayla with having vertigo.	 query:event: Cayla was scared starts before the world around her was spinning.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Martha bought groceries and proceeded to go home. When she carried in her groceries she saw the bag leaking. The carton of eggs were squished. Martha went back to the grocery store. She was able to get another carton of eggs for free.	 query:event: Martha talked to customer service at the store starts after she went back to the store  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Martha bought groceries and proceeded to go home. When she carried in her groceries she saw the bag leaking. The carton of eggs were squished. Martha went back to the grocery store. She was able to get another carton of eggs for free.	 query:event: Martha talked to customer service at the store starts before she went back to the store  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I like going to a brewery a few blocks from my house. It has a very convenient location for me. It offers free pint glasses on each patron's first tour. I have a cabinet full of those pint glasses. I simply buy the tour any time I see a new employee.	 query:event: The speaker enjoys collecting pint glasses starts before I like going to a brewery a few blocks from my house  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I like going to a brewery a few blocks from my house. It has a very convenient location for me. It offers free pint glasses on each patron's first tour. I have a cabinet full of those pint glasses. I simply buy the tour any time I see a new employee.	 query:event: The speaker enjoys collecting pint glasses starts after I like going to a brewery a few blocks from my house  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Joe had to deliver one-hundred guns to the rebels in Carson. He filled up his wagon with them and covered them with a blanket. He didn't expect to be searched, so he didn't bother hiding them. When he saw the border guards, he almost ran for it. Somehow he kept his cool and made it across.	 query:event: Joe hand counted all of the guns. starts before He n't expect to be searched  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Joe had to deliver one-hundred guns to the rebels in Carson. He filled up his wagon with them and covered them with a blanket. He didn't expect to be searched, so he didn't bother hiding them. When he saw the border guards, he almost ran for it. Somehow he kept his cool and made it across.	 query:event: Joe hand counted all of the guns. starts after He n't expect to be searched  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Chess was not a game the Becks liked to play. They were a family that loved games, all but chess. One time they were at a chess match with other families. And they lost horribly in front of many people. They don't play games anymore.	 query:event: Becky's family played chess against other families starts after they were at a chess match with other families.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Chess was not a game the Becks liked to play. They were a family that loved games, all but chess. One time they were at a chess match with other families. And they lost horribly in front of many people. They don't play games anymore.	 query:event: Becky's family played chess against other families starts before they were at a chess match with other families.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Josh loved to eat steak. His wife did not like steak. Josh wanted to get a good steak. He left his wife to go to the steakhouse. Now he is filing for divorce.	 query:event: Josh drove to a steakhouse starts after he left his wife to go to the steakhouse  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Josh loved to eat steak. His wife did not like steak. Josh wanted to get a good steak. He left his wife to go to the steakhouse. Now he is filing for divorce.	 query:event: Josh drove to a steakhouse starts before he left his wife to go to the steakhouse  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Dan wanted to visit Norway. Dan arranged to take time from work for a trip to Norway. Dan and his wife flew to Norway that Summer. They had a fantastic time visiting Norway. "Now, Dan and his wife visit Norway every Summer, without fail."	 query:event: Dan bought plane tickets for he and his wife. starts before Dan want to visit Norway  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Dan wanted to visit Norway. Dan arranged to take time from work for a trip to Norway. Dan and his wife flew to Norway that Summer. They had a fantastic time visiting Norway. "Now, Dan and his wife visit Norway every Summer, without fail."	 query:event: Dan bought plane tickets for he and his wife. starts after Dan want to visit Norway  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tony needed to buy his grandma a birthday present. He went to her favorite bakery. They were sold out of her favorite cake. The owner told Tony how to make it himself. His elated grandma couldn't tell the difference!	 query:event: Tony's grandma is alive starts before They sold out of her favorite cake  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tony needed to buy his grandma a birthday present. He went to her favorite bakery. They were sold out of her favorite cake. The owner told Tony how to make it himself. His elated grandma couldn't tell the difference!	 query:event: Tony's grandma is alive starts after They sold out of her favorite cake  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I was in a bad mood. "At work, I yelled at people." "It the bus stop, I screamed at a bird." I realized that I was simply hungry. "After eating a pizza, I felt happy again."	 query:event: I was hungry starts before I was in a bad mood  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I was in a bad mood. "At work, I yelled at people." "It the bus stop, I screamed at a bird." I realized that I was simply hungry. "After eating a pizza, I felt happy again."	 query:event: I was hungry starts after I was in a bad mood  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I was washing dishes and noticed my sink was clogged. I didn't see anything obvious clogging it. I looked under the counter and grabbed the bottle of drain cleaner. I poured the drain cleaner down the drain. "Later, I washed the drain and the clog was gone."	 query:event: I had drain cleaner. starts before I n't see anything obvious clogging it  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I was washing dishes and noticed my sink was clogged. I didn't see anything obvious clogging it. I looked under the counter and grabbed the bottle of drain cleaner. I poured the drain cleaner down the drain. "Later, I washed the drain and the clog was gone."	 query:event: I had drain cleaner. starts after I n't see anything obvious clogging it  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Yesterday Kelly went on numerous college visits. Her parents took her around the state to look. She found about three that she really liked. At the end of the trip she decided to apply. She ended up getting into her top choice.	 query:event: Kelly is a great student starts before Her parents take her around the state to look  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Yesterday Kelly went on numerous college visits. Her parents took her around the state to look. She found about three that she really liked. At the end of the trip she decided to apply. She ended up getting into her top choice.	 query:event: Kelly is a great student starts after Her parents take her around the state to look  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Thomas was up for an award. He thought he was a shoe in and everyone else did too. " When the name was called for the award though, it wasn't his." Thomas felt sad but he didn't give up. Next year Thomas worked even harder and won the award.	 query:event: Thomas asked what he needed to do better starts after the name was called and it wasn't his  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Thomas was up for an award. He thought he was a shoe in and everyone else did too. " When the name was called for the award though, it wasn't his." Thomas felt sad but he didn't give up. Next year Thomas worked even harder and won the award.	 query:event: Thomas asked what he needed to do better starts before the name was called and it wasn't his  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Dana's grandfather was bringing her to school. He had an old loud truck. Dana was embarrassed of the truck. She told her grandfather to park a block down the road. Dana walked the rest of the way to school.	 query:event: Dana enrolled in school starts after her grandfather drove her to school  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Neil took a ferry to Hong Kong. The bay was beautiful in the moonlight. And the hundreds of tall factories caught his eye! Hong Kong was by far his favorite Chinese province. He couldn't wait to return!	 query:event: Neil had friends waiting for him in Hong Kong starts before And the hundreds of tall factories catch his eye  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Neil took a ferry to Hong Kong. The bay was beautiful in the moonlight. And the hundreds of tall factories caught his eye! Hong Kong was by far his favorite Chinese province. He couldn't wait to return!	 query:event: Neil had friends waiting for him in Hong Kong starts after And the hundreds of tall factories catch his eye  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jim was a football player. One day at practice he got hit really hard. He stood up and then fell back down. The team medic was sent over immediately. Jim was diagnosed with a concussion.	 query:event: John was on the field. starts before practice starts  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jim was a football player. One day at practice he got hit really hard. He stood up and then fell back down. The team medic was sent over immediately. Jim was diagnosed with a concussion.	 query:event: John was on the field. starts after practice starts  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Saturday was Kelly's birthday. She assumed no one cared about her birthday. She came home however and found all her friends waiting for her. They all yelled surprise. Kelly laughed and couldn't believe they remembered.	 query:event: Kelly opened the door to her house starts after She came home  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Saturday was Kelly's birthday. She assumed no one cared about her birthday. She came home however and found all her friends waiting for her. They all yelled surprise. Kelly laughed and couldn't believe they remembered.	 query:event: Kelly opened the door to her house starts before She came home  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  John got a new cat and was worried how it would take to the old one. He tried everything but the old cat would always act mean. One day the old cat was stuck in a box and the young cat helped it. Ever since they became best friends. "John was so happy with the result, he got another cat."	 query:event: John brought a cat home starts before John got a new cat and was worried how it would take to the old one.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  John got a new cat and was worried how it would take to the old one. He tried everything but the old cat would always act mean. One day the old cat was stuck in a box and the young cat helped it. Ever since they became best friends. "John was so happy with the result, he got another cat."	 query:event: John brought a cat home starts after John got a new cat and was worried how it would take to the old one.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Ed had tried to get to the top of the apple tree for weeks. He could only get so far, then he couldn't reach any higher. He finally started to think about a different approach. The next day, he tried climbing from the opposite side. He made it to the top at last!	 query:event: Ed knew how to climb.  starts after He make to the top  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Ed had tried to get to the top of the apple tree for weeks. He could only get so far, then he couldn't reach any higher. He finally started to think about a different approach. The next day, he tried climbing from the opposite side. He made it to the top at last!	 query:event: Ed knew how to climb.  starts before He make to the top  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jane is doing some light shopping on a Saturday. She decides she needs a new outfit for a party later that week. She picks out a cute new black dress. She then decides she needs some shoes to match. She finds and buys a very cute pair of black heels.	 query:event: Jane likes her new heels starts before She decide she needs a new outfit for a party later that week  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jane is doing some light shopping on a Saturday. She decides she needs a new outfit for a party later that week. She picks out a cute new black dress. She then decides she needs some shoes to match. She finds and buys a very cute pair of black heels.	 query:event: Jane likes her new heels starts after She decide she needs a new outfit for a party later that week  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Emily wanted to cook the perfect dinner for her friends. She pulled out her favorite recipe book. She decided on poppyseed chicken. She followed the recipe. They loved it!	 query:event: Emily was in the kitchen starts before She pulled out her favorite recipe book.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Emily wanted to cook the perfect dinner for her friends. She pulled out her favorite recipe book. She decided on poppyseed chicken. She followed the recipe. They loved it!	 query:event: Emily was in the kitchen starts after She pulled out her favorite recipe book.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I wanted to be a baseball pitcher for the school's team. When I tried out for the team though the coach wouldn't let me pitch. He said I didn't throw fast enough. I worked on my pitching speed for the next year. The new year I tried out again and became the pitcher.	 query:event: I am alive. starts before I wanted to be the pitcher for the school's team  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jill is driving down the road. Her car starts to make a strange noise. She pulls over and checks the hood. It's smoking everywhere. She calls triple A for help with her car.	 query:event: Jill thinks something is wrong with her car starts before She check the hood  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jill is driving down the road. Her car starts to make a strange noise. She pulls over and checks the hood. It's smoking everywhere. She calls triple A for help with her car.	 query:event: Jill thinks something is wrong with her car starts after She check the hood  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tami needs money. She decides to rob a bank. She goes to her bank. Tami tells the teller to fill her bag with money. Tami runs out of the bank.	 query:event: The teller was scared. starts after Tami tells the teller to fill her bag with money.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Matilda planted each seed of corn by hand. "She scuffed at the dirt with her shoe, when the last one was in." "Alone in the field, the harvest seemed so very far off." "After the corn had grown and it was time to reap it, she was sad." Turning the brown husks under and starting anew seemed so far off.	 query:event: Matilda stood and looked at the seeds she planted. starts after "She scuffed at the dirt with her shoe, when the last one was in."  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Matilda planted each seed of corn by hand. "She scuffed at the dirt with her shoe, when the last one was in." "Alone in the field, the harvest seemed so very far off." "After the corn had grown and it was time to reap it, she was sad." Turning the brown husks under and starting anew seemed so far off.	 query:event: Matilda stood and looked at the seeds she planted. starts before "She scuffed at the dirt with her shoe, when the last one was in."  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Eli ordered a lot of products off the Internet. He was asleep when the parcel delivery service came. She stacked all of Eli's packages directly in front of his door. When he woke up he couldn't open his door! Eli climbed out the window and moved the boxes away from the door.	 query:event: Eli sat at a computer starts before Eli ordered a lot of products off the Internet.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Eli ordered a lot of products off the Internet. He was asleep when the parcel delivery service came. She stacked all of Eli's packages directly in front of his door. When he woke up he couldn't open his door! Eli climbed out the window and moved the boxes away from the door.	 query:event: Eli sat at a computer starts after Eli ordered a lot of products off the Internet.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Kathy didn't like Sue. Kathy started rumours about Sue. Sue found out Kathy was talking about her. Sue and Kathy got in an argument. Sue never talked to Kathy again.	 query:event: Sue talked to someone who knew what Kathy had said. starts before Sue found out Kathy was talking about her.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Kathy didn't like Sue. Kathy started rumours about Sue. Sue found out Kathy was talking about her. Sue and Kathy got in an argument. Sue never talked to Kathy again.	 query:event: Sue talked to someone who knew what Kathy had said. starts after Sue found out Kathy was talking about her.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Milwaukee resident Wallace wanted to go swimming in the lake. "It was early September, and he donned his swim trunks." He drove to the lake and found parking. The water was already far too cold for him to swim. Wallace went home unsatisfied.	 query:event: Wallace wanted to swim in early September. starts after It was early September, and he donned his swim trunks.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Milwaukee resident Wallace wanted to go swimming in the lake. "It was early September, and he donned his swim trunks." He drove to the lake and found parking. The water was already far too cold for him to swim. Wallace went home unsatisfied.	 query:event: Wallace wanted to swim in early September. starts before It was early September, and he donned his swim trunks.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Cayla was running in the park one day when she fell to the grass. She tried to stand back up but the world around her was spinning. She started to cry and her mom ran to her to care for her. She told her mom everything was spinning and they went to the ER. The ER Doctor diagnosed Cayla with having vertigo.	 query:event: Cayla was scared starts after She try to stand back up  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Cayla was running in the park one day when she fell to the grass. She tried to stand back up but the world around her was spinning. She started to cry and her mom ran to her to care for her. She told her mom everything was spinning and they went to the ER. The ER Doctor diagnosed Cayla with having vertigo.	 query:event: Cayla was scared starts before She try to stand back up  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Ellie wanted to go to the playground. She asked her mom to take her. Her mom promised that they could go if Ellie ate all her lunch. Ellie diligently ate every bit of her soup and sandwich. "And after lunch, she got to go play at the playground!"	 query:event: Ellie used a spoon starts before she ate her soup and sandwich  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Ellie wanted to go to the playground. She asked her mom to take her. Her mom promised that they could go if Ellie ate all her lunch. Ellie diligently ate every bit of her soup and sandwich. "And after lunch, she got to go play at the playground!"	 query:event: Ellie used a spoon starts after she ate her soup and sandwich  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Nancy was driving with her instructor. They went on the highway and came off of the exit. The instructor forced Nancy to accelerate. Since she was nervous, she accelerated too fast. They ended up crashing into another car.	 query:event: Nancy pressed down on the accelorator  starts before Since she was nervous, she accelerated too fast.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  "George and Layla loved each other, but were with different people." "Layla broke up with her boyfriend, but George was engaged." One night they couldn't resist and finally hooked up. George felt dreadful and told his fiance about the incident. The bride broke the engagement and ended their relationship.	 query:event: George and Layla started to officially date starts after The bride break the engagement  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  "George and Layla loved each other, but were with different people." "Layla broke up with her boyfriend, but George was engaged." One night they couldn't resist and finally hooked up. George felt dreadful and told his fiance about the incident. The bride broke the engagement and ended their relationship.	 query:event: George and Layla started to officially date starts before The bride break the engagement  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Josh loved to eat steak. His wife did not like steak. Josh wanted to get a good steak. He left his wife to go to the steakhouse. Now he is filing for divorce.	 query:event: Josh and his wife were having marital problems starts after Josh want to get a good steak  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Josh loved to eat steak. His wife did not like steak. Josh wanted to get a good steak. He left his wife to go to the steakhouse. Now he is filing for divorce.	 query:event: Josh and his wife were having marital problems starts before Josh want to get a good steak  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tabitha was riding the bus while nine months pregnant. No one noticed as she was hit with nausea. She knew she was going to throw up and had nowhere to do it. "Out of confusion, she went ahead and did it in her purse." She was so embarrassed and her bag was ruined but she didn't mind.	 query:event: Tabitha felt panicked  starts after she knew she was going to throw up and had nowhere to do it  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tabitha was riding the bus while nine months pregnant. No one noticed as she was hit with nausea. She knew she was going to throw up and had nowhere to do it. "Out of confusion, she went ahead and did it in her purse." She was so embarrassed and her bag was ruined but she didn't mind.	 query:event: Tabitha felt panicked  starts before she knew she was going to throw up and had nowhere to do it  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  The train started to move after eight in the morning. I slowly looked for a seat and settled down. "A moment later, a small child stood up and took out an axe." Everyone was scared and tried to run away. "Luckily, a muscular man was able to stop him and take away the axe."	 query:event: People were screaming starts before Everyone try to run away  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  The train started to move after eight in the morning. I slowly looked for a seat and settled down. "A moment later, a small child stood up and took out an axe." Everyone was scared and tried to run away. "Luckily, a muscular man was able to stop him and take away the axe."	 query:event: People were screaming starts after Everyone try to run away  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Michelle is walking home from the club. While walking she feels someone grab her arm. They turn her around and point a gun at her. They demanded her purse. She gives them her purse and is robbed.	 query:event: Michelle was scared starts after She give them her purse  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Michelle is walking home from the club. While walking she feels someone grab her arm. They turn her around and point a gun at her. They demanded her purse. She gives them her purse and is robbed.	 query:event: Michelle was scared starts before She give them her purse  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Last Valentine's day my boyfriend was out of town. I was sad that I couldn't celebrate it. That night my boyfriend called me. He told me to look outside. I was surprised and happy to see his car in the driveway.	 query:event: The narrator's boyfriend wanted to surprise the narrator for Valentine's day. starts before my boyfriend call me  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Last Valentine's day my boyfriend was out of town. I was sad that I couldn't celebrate it. That night my boyfriend called me. He told me to look outside. I was surprised and happy to see his car in the driveway.	 query:event: The narrator's boyfriend wanted to surprise the narrator for Valentine's day. starts after my boyfriend call me  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  The door closed too hard. A lamp fell down. It broke into small shards. A man stepped on the lamp. The lamp punctured his flesh.	 query:event: The lamp was made of fragile material. starts after It break into small shards  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  The door closed too hard. A lamp fell down. It broke into small shards. A man stepped on the lamp. The lamp punctured his flesh.	 query:event: The lamp was made of fragile material. starts before It break into small shards  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Dean decided he was going to prank his principle. He took a carton of eggs from his fridge and headed out. He arrived at his principal's house a little after midnight. After throwing two eggs his principle came outside. He was forced to clean up the mess and serve detention for a month.	 query:event: Dean rode a bike to his principal's house. starts after he headed out  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Dean decided he was going to prank his principle. He took a carton of eggs from his fridge and headed out. He arrived at his principal's house a little after midnight. After throwing two eggs his principle came outside. He was forced to clean up the mess and serve detention for a month.	 query:event: Dean rode a bike to his principal's house. starts before he headed out  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jay's sister had a camera. She just left it around and did not use it. Jay decided to take it for himself. He started taking photos everywhere he goes. He started loving photography.	 query:event: Jay carried the camera around with him. starts before He start loving photography  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jay's sister had a camera. She just left it around and did not use it. Jay decided to take it for himself. He started taking photos everywhere he goes. He started loving photography.	 query:event: Jay carried the camera around with him. starts after He start loving photography  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Ellie lived on a potato farm. One year she decided to farm lettuce too. The potatoes grew very well. The lettuce did not grow at all. Ellie decided to stick to potato farming in the future.	 query:event: Ellie planted potatoes where the lettuce had been starts after The potatoes grow very well  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Ellie lived on a potato farm. One year she decided to farm lettuce too. The potatoes grew very well. The lettuce did not grow at all. Ellie decided to stick to potato farming in the future.	 query:event: Ellie planted potatoes where the lettuce had been starts before The potatoes grow very well  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tom needed a new pair of socks. He was a very frugal man. He decided to order socks online. He found a great deal for a large quantity of socks. He bought one hundred pairs of socks in one day.	 query:event: He put off buying new socks for as long as possible. starts after Tom need a new pair of socks  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tom needed a new pair of socks. He was a very frugal man. He decided to order socks online. He found a great deal for a large quantity of socks. He bought one hundred pairs of socks in one day.	 query:event: He put off buying new socks for as long as possible. starts before Tom need a new pair of socks  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Sara was getting ready to go to bed. Then, her boyfriend called. They began talking and stayed that way all night. As the sun rose, she was having trouble staying awake. He said goodnight and she fell asleep.	 query:event: It was a sunny day. starts after her boyfriend call  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Sara was getting ready to go to bed. Then, her boyfriend called. They began talking and stayed that way all night. As the sun rose, she was having trouble staying awake. He said goodnight and she fell asleep.	 query:event: It was a sunny day. starts before her boyfriend call  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Simon lost his job. He needed a new one as soon as possible. He sent out a bunch of applications. "At first, he got no response." Finally someone contacted him and offered him a job.	 query:event: Simon fills out the applications. starts before He send out a bunch of applications  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Simon lost his job. He needed a new one as soon as possible. He sent out a bunch of applications. "At first, he got no response." Finally someone contacted him and offered him a job.	 query:event: Simon fills out the applications. starts after He send out a bunch of applications  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Amy loved pretty things. Flowers were her favorite. She picked a bouquet of them from her garden. She put them in a vase and smelled them. They were the prettiest she had ever had!	 query:event: Amy sold the bouquet of flower starts after They be the prettiest she had ever had  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Amy loved pretty things. Flowers were her favorite. She picked a bouquet of them from her garden. She put them in a vase and smelled them. They were the prettiest she had ever had!	 query:event: Amy sold the bouquet of flower starts before They be the prettiest she had ever had  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Kay was attending a self empowerment seminar. She was excited as the first presenter was her favorite author. "She sat through the opening session, rapt with attention." "By the end of the day, her head was full of great ideas." She went back to her hotel room to rest for the next day's conference.	 query:event: Kay was looking forward to the seminar starts after hearing her favorite author  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Vicki was not popular. She had told a series of big lies to her friends. No one could trust her anymore. "She told her friends that she was sorry, but none of them believed her." Vicki decided she had a lot of work to do.	 query:event: Vicki felt the need to be popular. starts before Vicki decide she had a lot of work to do  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Vicki was not popular. She had told a series of big lies to her friends. No one could trust her anymore. "She told her friends that she was sorry, but none of them believed her." Vicki decided she had a lot of work to do.	 query:event: Vicki felt the need to be popular. starts after Vicki decide she had a lot of work to do  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I was washing dishes and noticed my sink was clogged. I didn't see anything obvious clogging it. I looked under the counter and grabbed the bottle of drain cleaner. I poured the drain cleaner down the drain. "Later, I washed the drain and the clog was gone."	 query:event: I clogged the sink starts before I notice my sink was clogged  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I was washing dishes and noticed my sink was clogged. I didn't see anything obvious clogging it. I looked under the counter and grabbed the bottle of drain cleaner. I poured the drain cleaner down the drain. "Later, I washed the drain and the clog was gone."	 query:event: I clogged the sink starts after I notice my sink was clogged  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Sara was getting ready to go to bed. Then, her boyfriend called. They began talking and stayed that way all night. As the sun rose, she was having trouble staying awake. He said goodnight and she fell asleep.	 query:event: Sara was sleepy. starts before He say goodnight  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Sara was getting ready to go to bed. Then, her boyfriend called. They began talking and stayed that way all night. As the sun rose, she was having trouble staying awake. He said goodnight and she fell asleep.	 query:event: Sara was sleepy. starts after He say goodnight  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Amy loved pretty things. Flowers were her favorite. She picked a bouquet of them from her garden. She put them in a vase and smelled them. They were the prettiest she had ever had!	 query:event: Amy was in the garden starts after Flowers be her favorite  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Amy loved pretty things. Flowers were her favorite. She picked a bouquet of them from her garden. She put them in a vase and smelled them. They were the prettiest she had ever had!	 query:event: Amy was in the garden starts before Flowers be her favorite  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  On Megan's ninth birthday, her mom surprised her. She told Megan there would still be vegetables to eat! Megan hated vegetables and she was very unhappy. But then her mom pulled out a carrot cake and Rice Krispies! Megan was more than happy to eat her "vegetables" that night!	 query:event: Megan ate dinner. starts before her mom pulled out carrot cake and Rice Krispies  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  On Megan's ninth birthday, her mom surprised her. She told Megan there would still be vegetables to eat! Megan hated vegetables and she was very unhappy. But then her mom pulled out a carrot cake and Rice Krispies! Megan was more than happy to eat her "vegetables" that night!	 query:event: Megan ate dinner. starts after her mom pulled out carrot cake and Rice Krispies  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Kim had to do a report on a mammal for her biology class. She decided to do her report on wombats. "After reading about wombats, she thought that they were hilarious." She included a lot of humor in her written report about wombats. Kim's teacher loved the humor in her report about wombats.	 query:event: Kim got a good grade on her report about wombats. starts before Kim's teacher loved the humor in her report about wombats.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Chelsea knew she did not want to be waitress the rest of her life. She went to college at night and worked during the day. "Two years later, she got her degree and the job she wanted." "After six months, she realized the corporate life was not for her." She is now a manager at the restaurant that she worked at before.	 query:event: Chelsea applied for a corporate job starts before she got her degree and the job she wanted  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Chelsea knew she did not want to be waitress the rest of her life. She went to college at night and worked during the day. "Two years later, she got her degree and the job she wanted." "After six months, she realized the corporate life was not for her." She is now a manager at the restaurant that she worked at before.	 query:event: Chelsea applied for a corporate job starts after she got her degree and the job she wanted  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  This extra innings baseball game made us all tired. Zack, our worn out pitcher, weakly threw the ball. The batter swung hard and crushed the ball. The ball flew way over my head at second base. In the outfield, Landon dove to the grass and made an amazing catch.	 query:event: Zack held the ball starts before Zack, our worn out pitcher, weakly threw the ball.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  This extra innings baseball game made us all tired. Zack, our worn out pitcher, weakly threw the ball. The batter swung hard and crushed the ball. The ball flew way over my head at second base. In the outfield, Landon dove to the grass and made an amazing catch.	 query:event: Zack held the ball starts after Zack, our worn out pitcher, weakly threw the ball.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Zoltan was a very rich man. He had all the tools to control people. One day a peasant worker was waiting for Lord Zoltan. Zoltan decided not to give the peasant any work. The peasant starved to death.	 query:event: The peasant was hoping to get work from Lord Zoltan starts after the peasant was waiting for Lord Zoltan  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  It was the first morning of Kate's trip in Las Vegas. Kate wanted to go to a restaurant for breakfast. But her friends wanted to get room service. Kate was leery because she always heard room service was expensive. But she decided to go along with it just for the experience.	 query:event: Kate asked her friends where to go for breakfast starts after Kate wanted to go to a restaurant  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I was on my way to work. I got stopped by a train. I waited for a while. The train finally passed. I got to work late.	 query:event: The railroad crossing arms were down. starts before I was stopped by the train  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I was on my way to work. I got stopped by a train. I waited for a while. The train finally passed. I got to work late.	 query:event: The railroad crossing arms were down. starts after I was stopped by the train  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tim was visiting his grandparents. They didn't have wifi or fast internet. Their connection was still using dial up. Tim tried to use the internet but it was just too slow. He decided to just use his smart phone instead.	 query:event: Tim's smart phone had an internet connection starts before Tim saw they had dial up  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tim was visiting his grandparents. They didn't have wifi or fast internet. Their connection was still using dial up. Tim tried to use the internet but it was just too slow. He decided to just use his smart phone instead.	 query:event: Tim's smart phone had an internet connection starts after Tim saw they had dial up  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  The door closed too hard. A lamp fell down. It broke into small shards. A man stepped on the lamp. The lamp punctured his flesh.	 query:event: The house shook. starts before The lamp puncture his flesh  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  The door closed too hard. A lamp fell down. It broke into small shards. A man stepped on the lamp. The lamp punctured his flesh.	 query:event: The house shook. starts after The lamp puncture his flesh  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Griffin needed to write a book report for school. He went to the library to find a book. He found an interesting book about Abraham Lincoln. "Griffin started to read the book, but fell asleep." "When he woke, Griffin decided to pick a different topic."	 query:event: Griffin is easily distracted starts before He go to the library to find a book  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Alice loved flowers. "One day, she decided she wanted to plant a garden." "She and her grandmother bought geraniums, roses, and sunflowers." They planted their garden. "A few weeks later, it was beautiful!"	 query:event: Alice pulled weeds in her garden. starts after They plant their garden  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Alice loved flowers. "One day, she decided she wanted to plant a garden." "She and her grandmother bought geraniums, roses, and sunflowers." They planted their garden. "A few weeks later, it was beautiful!"	 query:event: Alice pulled weeds in her garden. starts before They plant their garden  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tom has a big presentation at work tomorrow. He has not prepared for the presentation. He works all night long to present something for tomorrow. He spilled coffee on the USB stick containing his presentation. "He gets to work and wings his presentation, everyone loves it."	 query:event: Tom is nervous about presentation starts before he works all night on presentation  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tom has a big presentation at work tomorrow. He has not prepared for the presentation. He works all night long to present something for tomorrow. He spilled coffee on the USB stick containing his presentation. "He gets to work and wings his presentation, everyone loves it."	 query:event: Tom is nervous about presentation starts after he works all night on presentation  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Rick never smoked in his life. His friends invited him to play poker. Everyone but Rick smoked cigars. Rick decided to try smoking a cigar. He was immediately hooked and is now a cigar enthusiast.	 query:event: Rick's friends suggested he try smoking a cigar starts after Everyone but Rick smoked cigars.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Rick never smoked in his life. His friends invited him to play poker. Everyone but Rick smoked cigars. Rick decided to try smoking a cigar. He was immediately hooked and is now a cigar enthusiast.	 query:event: Rick's friends suggested he try smoking a cigar starts before Everyone but Rick smoked cigars.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  "Haley was eating a bologna sandwich, worrying about the holidays." "She wondered what she was going to do for gifts, having no money." The postman dropped off a Christmas card from her parents. The card had a gift card in it. Haley decided to use the money to buy gifts for her family.	 query:event: The postman opened Haley's mailbox. starts before The postman drop a Christmas card from her parents  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  "Haley was eating a bologna sandwich, worrying about the holidays." "She wondered what she was going to do for gifts, having no money." The postman dropped off a Christmas card from her parents. The card had a gift card in it. Haley decided to use the money to buy gifts for her family.	 query:event: The postman opened Haley's mailbox. starts after The postman drop a Christmas card from her parents  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Yesterday Kelly went on numerous college visits. Her parents took her around the state to look. She found about three that she really liked. At the end of the trip she decided to apply. She ended up getting into her top choice.	 query:event: Kelly applied to multiple colleges starts after the end of the trip  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Yesterday Kelly went on numerous college visits. Her parents took her around the state to look. She found about three that she really liked. At the end of the trip she decided to apply. She ended up getting into her top choice.	 query:event: Kelly applied to multiple colleges starts before the end of the trip  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Richards loves the drum. He picks up his drumsticks. Then goes to his practice room. Richard sits down at his drum kit. Finally, he plays a beat on his drums.	 query:event: Richard opens the door to the practice room. starts after he goes to the practice room.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Richards loves the drum. He picks up his drumsticks. Then goes to his practice room. Richard sits down at his drum kit. Finally, he plays a beat on his drums.	 query:event: Richard opens the door to the practice room. starts before he goes to the practice room.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Brittany needs money for bills. She checked her bank account but it was empty. Brittany decided she needed another job. Brittany decided to use Amazon Mechanical Turk! "Now, Brittany has a great job, and can pay all of her bills!"	 query:event: Brittany spent all of her money starts before Brittany need money for bills  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Brittany needs money for bills. She checked her bank account but it was empty. Brittany decided she needed another job. Brittany decided to use Amazon Mechanical Turk! "Now, Brittany has a great job, and can pay all of her bills!"	 query:event: Brittany spent all of her money starts after Brittany need money for bills  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I was on my way to work. I got stopped by a train. I waited for a while. The train finally passed. I got to work late.	 query:event: I walked to my desk starts after I get stopped by a train  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Bob love to eat steak. He wants to get steak for an upcoming barbeque. He went to the store but he couldn't find any steak. He continued searching but he still didn't find any steak. His son brought enough steak for everyone for the barbeque.	 query:event: Bob ate lots of steak starts after eat steak  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Rick was watching TV. And he noticed that there was nothing to watch but children's shows. One of the shows he remembered. And he used to watch it when he was a child. Rick enjoyed being reminded of his childhood.	 query:event: Rick was no longer a child. starts before he watched a childhood TV show.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Rick was watching TV. And he noticed that there was nothing to watch but children's shows. One of the shows he remembered. And he used to watch it when he was a child. Rick enjoyed being reminded of his childhood.	 query:event: Rick was no longer a child. starts after he watched a childhood TV show.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  My girlfriend and I went to the outer banks for Thanksgiving. We went to visit her family. It was a long drive. There was lots of traffic on the way. We still made it in time to celebrate with everyone.	 query:event: We slept over at her family's place starts after the celebration  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  My girlfriend and I went to the outer banks for Thanksgiving. We went to visit her family. It was a long drive. There was lots of traffic on the way. We still made it in time to celebrate with everyone.	 query:event: We slept over at her family's place starts before the celebration  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Simon lost his job. He needed a new one as soon as possible. He sent out a bunch of applications. "At first, he got no response." Finally someone contacted him and offered him a job.	 query:event: Simon feels very stressed out. starts after He send out a bunch of applications  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Simon lost his job. He needed a new one as soon as possible. He sent out a bunch of applications. "At first, he got no response." Finally someone contacted him and offered him a job.	 query:event: Simon feels very stressed out. starts before He send out a bunch of applications  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Hannah decided to go for a walk. She was far away from home when it suddenly started raining. Hannah ran home as fast as she could. When she arrived home she was soaked and freezing. Hannah decided she would always check the weather from now on.	 query:event: Hannah was on the road starts before  it suddenly started raining.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Hannah decided to go for a walk. She was far away from home when it suddenly started raining. Hannah ran home as fast as she could. When she arrived home she was soaked and freezing. Hannah decided she would always check the weather from now on.	 query:event: Hannah was on the road starts after  it suddenly started raining.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jill has been practicing everyday so she can beat Roz at the big race. She has been running two times a day and only eating healthy food. "On the day of the race, she feels ready." The officials start the race. Jill and Roz run a fair race and Jill wins!	 query:event: Jill really wanted to beat Roz at the race. starts before Jill had been practicing everyday so she could beat Roz at the big race  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jill has been practicing everyday so she can beat Roz at the big race. She has been running two times a day and only eating healthy food. "On the day of the race, she feels ready." The officials start the race. Jill and Roz run a fair race and Jill wins!	 query:event: Jill really wanted to beat Roz at the race. starts after Jill had been practicing everyday so she could beat Roz at the big race  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jay's sister had a camera. She just left it around and did not use it. Jay decided to take it for himself. He started taking photos everywhere he goes. He started loving photography.	 query:event: The camera worked. starts before He start taking photos everywhere he goes  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jay's sister had a camera. She just left it around and did not use it. Jay decided to take it for himself. He started taking photos everywhere he goes. He started loving photography.	 query:event: The camera worked. starts after He start taking photos everywhere he goes  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Lexie was so excited for Halloween. She dressed up as a pony. She went to lots of houses to get candy. Lexi got scared by a boy in a scary mask. She never wants to participate in Halloween again.	 query:event: Lexi didn't eat her candy starts after She never want to participate in Halloween again  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Lexie was so excited for Halloween. She dressed up as a pony. She went to lots of houses to get candy. Lexi got scared by a boy in a scary mask. She never wants to participate in Halloween again.	 query:event: Lexi didn't eat her candy starts before She never want to participate in Halloween again  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Susie was trying to find her way home. All the sudden she got lost. It upset her. She had to rely on her gps. It took five hours to get home.	 query:event: She was alive. starts before Susie try to find her way home  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Susie was trying to find her way home. All the sudden she got lost. It upset her. She had to rely on her gps. It took five hours to get home.	 query:event: She was alive. starts after Susie try to find her way home  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tommy promised me that he was going to draw a good sketch of me. He took several minutes to write everything out. "When he was done with the outline, he showed it to me." It ended up being my face on top of a banana. I ripped the page and threw it away.	 query:event: Tommy laughed at me starts after I ripped the page  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tommy promised me that he was going to draw a good sketch of me. He took several minutes to write everything out. "When he was done with the outline, he showed it to me." It ended up being my face on top of a banana. I ripped the page and threw it away.	 query:event: Tommy laughed at me starts before I ripped the page  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Amy loved pretty things. Flowers were her favorite. She picked a bouquet of them from her garden. She put them in a vase and smelled them. They were the prettiest she had ever had!	 query:event: Amy put the vase of flower in her room starts after They be the prettiest she had ever had  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Amy loved pretty things. Flowers were her favorite. She picked a bouquet of them from her garden. She put them in a vase and smelled them. They were the prettiest she had ever had!	 query:event: Amy put the vase of flower in her room starts before They be the prettiest she had ever had  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Ron really wanted to join the baseball team. But he could not throw or hit a ball at all! Then the coach had him catch a few. Ron was a natural! He made the team right away!	 query:event: Ron put on a baseball glove starts before the coach have him catch a few  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Ron really wanted to join the baseball team. But he could not throw or hit a ball at all! Then the coach had him catch a few. Ron was a natural! He made the team right away!	 query:event: Ron put on a baseball glove starts after the coach have him catch a few  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Shelby attended an after school arts class. She brought her art supplies with her. Shelby excused herself to the restroom during the class. "When she returned, her supplies were gone." Another student told Shelby who the thief was.	 query:event: Shelby was an art major. starts before She bring her art supplies with her  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Shelby attended an after school arts class. She brought her art supplies with her. Shelby excused herself to the restroom during the class. "When she returned, her supplies were gone." Another student told Shelby who the thief was.	 query:event: Shelby was an art major. starts after She bring her art supplies with her  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  It was time for the Senior Prom. Emily was so excited! She went shopping for her dress finding the perfect one. Emily called her best friend Susie. It turned out they both bought the same exact dress!	 query:event: Susie went dress shopping starts before She go shopping for her dress finding the perfect one  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  It was time for the Senior Prom. Emily was so excited! She went shopping for her dress finding the perfect one. Emily called her best friend Susie. It turned out they both bought the same exact dress!	 query:event: Susie went dress shopping starts after She go shopping for her dress finding the perfect one  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Milwaukee resident Wallace wanted to go swimming in the lake. "It was early September, and he donned his swim trunks." He drove to the lake and found parking. The water was already far too cold for him to swim. Wallace went home unsatisfied.	 query:event: Wallace was looking forward to swimming in the lake. starts after he drove to the lake.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Milwaukee resident Wallace wanted to go swimming in the lake. "It was early September, and he donned his swim trunks." He drove to the lake and found parking. The water was already far too cold for him to swim. Wallace went home unsatisfied.	 query:event: Wallace was looking forward to swimming in the lake. starts before he drove to the lake.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Bob love to eat steak. He wants to get steak for an upcoming barbeque. He went to the store but he couldn't find any steak. He continued searching but he still didn't find any steak. His son brought enough steak for everyone for the barbeque.	 query:event: Bob did not buy any steak starts before eat steak  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Bob love to eat steak. He wants to get steak for an upcoming barbeque. He went to the store but he couldn't find any steak. He continued searching but he still didn't find any steak. His son brought enough steak for everyone for the barbeque.	 query:event: Bob did not buy any steak starts after eat steak  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Ellen's nephew was selling raffle tickets. Ellen decided to buy tickets. Someone from the fundraiser called Ellen. She had won a prize of five hundred dollars! Ellen drove to town to pick up her cash prize.	 query:event: Ellen wanted to help her nephew. starts before the fundraiser call Ellen  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Ellen's nephew was selling raffle tickets. Ellen decided to buy tickets. Someone from the fundraiser called Ellen. She had won a prize of five hundred dollars! Ellen drove to town to pick up her cash prize.	 query:event: Ellen wanted to help her nephew. starts after the fundraiser call Ellen  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jax worked for a mechanic's shop. A customer brought in a car for a repair. The customer left her purse in the car. Jax stole the purse. Jax was fired for taking the purse.	 query:event: The customer was in the car. starts before the customer left the purse unattended.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jax worked for a mechanic's shop. A customer brought in a car for a repair. The customer left her purse in the car. Jax stole the purse. Jax was fired for taking the purse.	 query:event: The customer was in the car. starts after the customer left the purse unattended.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Evan was nine but sometimes still wet the bed. He was invited to a sleepover but afraid to attend. He did not want anyone to discover his secret! Then his mom bought him a pack of absorbent underwear to wear. Evan felt much more secure with the backup underwear on!	 query:event: Evan successfully attended the sleepover. starts before Evan was more comfortable with his absorbent underwear on  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  My dorm mates were incredible pranksters. One day they filled a thirty gallon Rubbermaid trash can with water. "The opened the laundry room door, propping the can on the door's top." "As the floor manager entered the laundry room, they nudged the door." The entire thirty gallons poured down on the manager in an icy flood!	 query:event: The trash can was very heavy. starts after they filled it with water  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  My dorm mates were incredible pranksters. One day they filled a thirty gallon Rubbermaid trash can with water. "The opened the laundry room door, propping the can on the door's top." "As the floor manager entered the laundry room, they nudged the door." The entire thirty gallons poured down on the manager in an icy flood!	 query:event: The trash can was very heavy. starts before they filled it with water  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Susie wanted to open up a convenience store. But she really needed a loan for that. So she went to loan office. She was not sure she would get it. But she was almost instantly approved.	 query:event: Susie was nervous about not getting approved starts before she was not sure she would get it  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Susie wanted to open up a convenience store. But she really needed a loan for that. So she went to loan office. She was not sure she would get it. But she was almost instantly approved.	 query:event: Susie was nervous about not getting approved starts after she was not sure she would get it  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Luke got detention at school last week. He has to stay after school for an hour every day. Apparently he got into a fight with another kid. The other kid got detention too. They both learned that fighting just makes things worse.	 query:event: Luke was grounded by his parents starts after The other kid get detention too  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Martha bought groceries and proceeded to go home. When she carried in her groceries she saw the bag leaking. The carton of eggs were squished. Martha went back to the grocery store. She was able to get another carton of eggs for free.	 query:event: Martha ran out of eggs starts before she bought groceries  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Martha bought groceries and proceeded to go home. When she carried in her groceries she saw the bag leaking. The carton of eggs were squished. Martha went back to the grocery store. She was able to get another carton of eggs for free.	 query:event: Martha ran out of eggs starts after she bought groceries  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Kim had to do a report on a mammal for her biology class. She decided to do her report on wombats. "After reading about wombats, she thought that they were hilarious." She included a lot of humor in her written report about wombats. Kim's teacher loved the humor in her report about wombats.	 query:event: Kim did some search about different mammals. starts after she had to do a report on a mammal for her biology class.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Kim had to do a report on a mammal for her biology class. She decided to do her report on wombats. "After reading about wombats, she thought that they were hilarious." She included a lot of humor in her written report about wombats. Kim's teacher loved the humor in her report about wombats.	 query:event: Kim did some search about different mammals. starts before she had to do a report on a mammal for her biology class.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I went to have cereal today. "The milk however, was spoiled." I noticed it right away. It was curdled. So I had to immediately throw it away.	 query:event: The person won't eat spoiled foods. starts after I throw it  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  The door closed too hard. A lamp fell down. It broke into small shards. A man stepped on the lamp. The lamp punctured his flesh.	 query:event: Someone slammed the door shut. starts before the door closed too hard  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  The door closed too hard. A lamp fell down. It broke into small shards. A man stepped on the lamp. The lamp punctured his flesh.	 query:event: Someone slammed the door shut. starts after the door closed too hard  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Barry is very tall. His feet hung off his bed. "One day, Barry bought a very long bed." He slept very well that night. Barry will never sleep in a normal bed again.	 query:event: Barry dumped his old bed.  starts before He sleep very well  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Barry is very tall. His feet hung off his bed. "One day, Barry bought a very long bed." He slept very well that night. Barry will never sleep in a normal bed again.	 query:event: Barry dumped his old bed.  starts after He sleep very well  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Zoltan was a very rich man. He had all the tools to control people. One day a peasant worker was waiting for Lord Zoltan. Zoltan decided not to give the peasant any work. The peasant starved to death.	 query:event: The peasant was alive. starts before Zoltan decided not to give the peasant any work  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Zoltan was a very rich man. He had all the tools to control people. One day a peasant worker was waiting for Lord Zoltan. Zoltan decided not to give the peasant any work. The peasant starved to death.	 query:event: The peasant was alive. starts after Zoltan decided not to give the peasant any work  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  A boy walked up to the ticket taker at the local circus. He asked if he could get in for free because he was poor. The ticket taker pitied the boy but couldn't do what he wanted. The boy began to dance for the people in line to earn money. The boy bought his ticket and gave the ticket taker a dirty look.	 query:event: the ticket taker felt guilty for not helping the boy starts after the ticket taker couldn't help  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  A boy walked up to the ticket taker at the local circus. He asked if he could get in for free because he was poor. The ticket taker pitied the boy but couldn't do what he wanted. The boy began to dance for the people in line to earn money. The boy bought his ticket and gave the ticket taker a dirty look.	 query:event: the ticket taker felt guilty for not helping the boy starts before the ticket taker couldn't help  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Hannah decided to go for a walk. She was far away from home when it suddenly started raining. Hannah ran home as fast as she could. When she arrived home she was soaked and freezing. Hannah decided she would always check the weather from now on.	 query:event: Hannah caught a cold starts after she was soaked and freezing.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Hannah decided to go for a walk. She was far away from home when it suddenly started raining. Hannah ran home as fast as she could. When she arrived home she was soaked and freezing. Hannah decided she would always check the weather from now on.	 query:event: Hannah caught a cold starts before she was soaked and freezing.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Johnny saw the other kids jumping ramps with their bikes. He then attempted to make some jumps himself but crashed each time. Johnny was determined to jump ramps so he practiced every day. He started with small jumps and then graduated to the big ones. Johnny was able to out-jump the best bike jumpers.	 query:event: Johnny began to become jealous of the other kids starts before He graduate to the big ones  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Johnny saw the other kids jumping ramps with their bikes. He then attempted to make some jumps himself but crashed each time. Johnny was determined to jump ramps so he practiced every day. He started with small jumps and then graduated to the big ones. Johnny was able to out-jump the best bike jumpers.	 query:event: Johnny began to become jealous of the other kids starts after He graduate to the big ones  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tim was visiting his grandparents. They didn't have wifi or fast internet. Their connection was still using dial up. Tim tried to use the internet but it was just too slow. He decided to just use his smart phone instead.	 query:event: Tim's smart phone had an internet connection starts after Tim try to use the internet  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tim was visiting his grandparents. They didn't have wifi or fast internet. Their connection was still using dial up. Tim tried to use the internet but it was just too slow. He decided to just use his smart phone instead.	 query:event: Tim's smart phone had an internet connection starts before Tim try to use the internet  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Kelly made herself a cup of hot tea. She put in the tea bag and took a sip. It was delicious. "However to her dismay, she spilled some." Kelly ended up with a burn.	 query:event: The water was very hot starts after It be delicious  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Kelly made herself a cup of hot tea. She put in the tea bag and took a sip. It was delicious. "However to her dismay, she spilled some." Kelly ended up with a burn.	 query:event: The water was very hot starts before It be delicious  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Mary always bragged about how good she was at bowling. Mary's co-worker Steve challenged her to a bowling competition. Steve beat Mary four times in a row. Mary sat on the steps with a sad look on her face. How was she to know that Steve was a college bowling champion?	 query:event: Steve liked to show off his bowling skills. starts after challenging Mary to a competition  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Mary always bragged about how good she was at bowling. Mary's co-worker Steve challenged her to a bowling competition. Steve beat Mary four times in a row. Mary sat on the steps with a sad look on her face. How was she to know that Steve was a college bowling champion?	 query:event: Steve liked to show off his bowling skills. starts before challenging Mary to a competition  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Graham was playing among his toys. He wanted to climb and tried using a toy box to do it. Suddenly the toy box snapped and broke. Graham was so sad because it was one of his favorite toys. He promised to be more careful with his toys from then on.	 query:event: Graham put his favorite toy in the trash starts after he was so sad it was one of his favorite toys  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tammy wanted to improve her typing. She practiced playing a typing game after school everyday. She eventually increased her word per minute dramatically. Tammy became really proficient in her computer skills. She was able to get a great job because of her computer skills.	 query:event: Tammy's words per minute is above average starts after She increase her word per minute dramatically  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tammy wanted to improve her typing. She practiced playing a typing game after school everyday. She eventually increased her word per minute dramatically. Tammy became really proficient in her computer skills. She was able to get a great job because of her computer skills.	 query:event: Tammy's words per minute is above average starts before She increase her word per minute dramatically  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jane is doing some light shopping on a Saturday. She decides she needs a new outfit for a party later that week. She picks out a cute new black dress. She then decides she needs some shoes to match. She finds and buys a very cute pair of black heels.	 query:event: Jane tries on a black dress starts after she picks out a cute new black dress  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Martin realizes that he needs to get more exercise. He decides to have a walk around the block before he goes to bed. That night he sleeps more deeply than normal. He decides to take a walk every night before going to bed. Martin is very happy he is getting more exercise.	 query:event: Martin has been exercising less frequently lately. starts after Martin realized he needed to exercise more  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I used to smoke when I was younger. No matter the weather I never smoked inside. One day I was lighting a cigarette as i walked out the door. I looked up and saw three federal agents standing next to me. It turned out they were looking for the previous tenant.	 query:event: I stopped smoking starts after I saw three federal agents standing next to me  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Daniel was setting up for Thanksgiving dinner. She needed to arrange place cards for everyone. At first she put her brother and uncle near each other. "Then, her sister warned her that the two had been fighting." She managed to change the arrangement right before they arrived.	 query:event: it is thanksgiving day starts before she put her brother and uncle's cards next to each other  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Daniel was setting up for Thanksgiving dinner. She needed to arrange place cards for everyone. At first she put her brother and uncle near each other. "Then, her sister warned her that the two had been fighting." She managed to change the arrangement right before they arrived.	 query:event: it is thanksgiving day starts after she put her brother and uncle's cards next to each other  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Amy was learning to cook for herself. She decided she would make beans to have as protein for a week. She spent hours soaking the beans before cooking them. After she put them on she laid down and fell asleep. Her mother woke her up to inform her the beans burned.	 query:event: Amy thought the beans would take a while to cook starts after she laid down and fell asleep  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Amy was learning to cook for herself. She decided she would make beans to have as protein for a week. She spent hours soaking the beans before cooking them. After she put them on she laid down and fell asleep. Her mother woke her up to inform her the beans burned.	 query:event: Amy thought the beans would take a while to cook starts before she laid down and fell asleep  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I was sitting in class falling asleep. "Suddenly, the teacher asked me a question." I sat there speechless. I randomly told the teacher that two was the answer. "Surprisingly, I was completely right."	 query:event: I sat down in my seat starts before I sit in class falling asleep  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I was sitting in class falling asleep. "Suddenly, the teacher asked me a question." I sat there speechless. I randomly told the teacher that two was the answer. "Surprisingly, I was completely right."	 query:event: I sat down in my seat starts after I sit in class falling asleep  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  The circus was in town! Jimmy's mom told him the circus would arrive by train. They were going to go watch the elephants walk to the arena. The street was lined with people watching. The elephants walked by in a line holding each other's tails!	 query:event: The elephants were trained starts after The elephants walk by in a line holding each other 's tails  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  The circus was in town! Jimmy's mom told him the circus would arrive by train. They were going to go watch the elephants walk to the arena. The street was lined with people watching. The elephants walked by in a line holding each other's tails!	 query:event: The elephants were trained starts before The elephants walk by in a line holding each other 's tails  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I was taking an art class with my friend. "For our test, we had to each paint an apple." I had procrastinated until the night before it was due. My friend had been working on her painting all week. I was pleased that my picture turned out better than my friend's.	 query:event: My friend walked into the classroom starts after I was taking an art class  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I was taking an art class with my friend. "For our test, we had to each paint an apple." I had procrastinated until the night before it was due. My friend had been working on her painting all week. I was pleased that my picture turned out better than my friend's.	 query:event: My friend walked into the classroom starts before I was taking an art class  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Ana was playing in the snow with her brother. They were having a snowball fight. Suddenly, Anna felt a pain in her cheek. She saw that the snowball had had a rock in it. Her brother apologized and they quit fighting.	 query:event: Ana fell to the ground starts before Anna felt a pain in her cheek  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Ana was playing in the snow with her brother. They were having a snowball fight. Suddenly, Anna felt a pain in her cheek. She saw that the snowball had had a rock in it. Her brother apologized and they quit fighting.	 query:event: Ana fell to the ground starts after Anna felt a pain in her cheek  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Julie was struggling in Calculus. She needed a C on the final exam to pass the class. She studied for many hours. "When she sat down to take the exam, her mind went blank." She failed the exam and the class.	 query:event: Julie was worried that she wouldn't be able to get the C. starts before She need a C on the final exam to pass the class  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Rick never smoked in his life. His friends invited him to play poker. Everyone but Rick smoked cigars. Rick decided to try smoking a cigar. He was immediately hooked and is now a cigar enthusiast.	 query:event: Rick is alive. starts after Everyone but Rick smoke cigars  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Rick never smoked in his life. His friends invited him to play poker. Everyone but Rick smoked cigars. Rick decided to try smoking a cigar. He was immediately hooked and is now a cigar enthusiast.	 query:event: Rick is alive. starts before Everyone but Rick smoke cigars  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I was on a boat with a friend. We were going on a fishing spree. He threw his weight in the water. "After several minutes, a small shark came and dragged the fishing pole." I held on to my friend so he wouldn't fall in the water.	 query:event: We were friends for a long time. starts before I was on a boat with my friend  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Sally and I were driving to the local fair. On our way we saw a sign inviting the public to pick apples. I discussed with Sally how fun it could be to pick our own apples. Sally and I decided to pick apples. We had fun picking apples and it broke up our drive to the fair.	 query:event: The apples were of different colors starts before it break our drive to the fair  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Luke got detention at school last week. He has to stay after school for an hour every day. Apparently he got into a fight with another kid. The other kid got detention too. They both learned that fighting just makes things worse.	 query:event: The parents were called into the office starts before They both learn that fighting just makes things worse  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Luke got detention at school last week. He has to stay after school for an hour every day. Apparently he got into a fight with another kid. The other kid got detention too. They both learned that fighting just makes things worse.	 query:event: The parents were called into the office starts after They both learn that fighting just makes things worse  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Thomas was up for an award. He thought he was a shoe in and everyone else did too. " When the name was called for the award though, it wasn't his." Thomas felt sad but he didn't give up. Next year Thomas worked even harder and won the award.	 query:event: Everyone was shocked starts before Thomas work even harder  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Thomas was up for an award. He thought he was a shoe in and everyone else did too. " When the name was called for the award though, it wasn't his." Thomas felt sad but he didn't give up. Next year Thomas worked even harder and won the award.	 query:event: Everyone was shocked starts after Thomas work even harder  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Ed had tried to get to the top of the apple tree for weeks. He could only get so far, then he couldn't reach any higher. He finally started to think about a different approach. The next day, he tried climbing from the opposite side. He made it to the top at last!	 query:event: He was disappointed he couldn't climb to the top. starts before he finally started to think about a different approach  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Ed had tried to get to the top of the apple tree for weeks. He could only get so far, then he couldn't reach any higher. He finally started to think about a different approach. The next day, he tried climbing from the opposite side. He made it to the top at last!	 query:event: He was disappointed he couldn't climb to the top. starts after he finally started to think about a different approach  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Bonnie had a small vegetable garden in her backyard. One day Bonnie found several partially-eaten vegetables there. She quickly put up a fence to keep the critters out. She also put up a scarecrow to ward off the birds. Bonnie soon harvested many tasty vegetables from the garden.	 query:event: She realized that the fence wouldn't stop birds starts after she put up a fence  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Trevor was sitting in class. He started to feel very gassy. He didn't want people to hear him fart. He asked if he could leave the room. Then he went outside to fart.	 query:event: Trevor felt relieved starts after he went outside  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Trevor was sitting in class. He started to feel very gassy. He didn't want people to hear him fart. He asked if he could leave the room. Then he went outside to fart.	 query:event: Trevor felt relieved starts before he went outside  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Nia loved pizza. But she was trying to lose weight. She decided to order a healthy pizza. "She added lots of veggies, and half the cheese." Nia's healthy pizza was delicious!	 query:event: Nia believed that she was overweight. starts before Nia love pizza  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Beth had a wonderful young son. Beth was a single mother. Beth's son begged her to buy a pet for their home. She allowed him to have a pet gerbil. Beth's son loved the gerbil and was happy.	 query:event: Beth did not live with the father of her son. starts before Beth be a single mother  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Beth had a wonderful young son. Beth was a single mother. Beth's son begged her to buy a pet for their home. She allowed him to have a pet gerbil. Beth's son loved the gerbil and was happy.	 query:event: Beth did not live with the father of her son. starts after Beth be a single mother  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  My boss pulled me aside at work. I thought he was going to tell me Happy Birthday. Instead, he told me I wasn't needed today. I sulked home, not sure whether I was getting fired or not. When I arrived home, I walked into a surprise birthday party!	 query:event: My boss was told about my surprise birthday party. starts before I walk into a surprise birthday party  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  My boss pulled me aside at work. I thought he was going to tell me Happy Birthday. Instead, he told me I wasn't needed today. I sulked home, not sure whether I was getting fired or not. When I arrived home, I walked into a surprise birthday party!	 query:event: My boss was told about my surprise birthday party. starts after I walk into a surprise birthday party  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Dean decided he was going to prank his principle. He took a carton of eggs from his fridge and headed out. He arrived at his principal's house a little after midnight. After throwing two eggs his principle came outside. He was forced to clean up the mess and serve detention for a month.	 query:event: Dean's principal was angry. starts before his principle come outside  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Emma was getting ready to graduate from high school. She wanted to go to college but could not afford it. Her parents were unable to help her financially. Emma received a letter from the scholarship organization. She received the scholarship and was able to attend college.	 query:event: Emma asked her parents for financial help starts before she wanted to go to college but could not afford it  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Emma was getting ready to graduate from high school. She wanted to go to college but could not afford it. Her parents were unable to help her financially. Emma received a letter from the scholarship organization. She received the scholarship and was able to attend college.	 query:event: Emma asked her parents for financial help starts after she wanted to go to college but could not afford it  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I got into my car after work. A coworker challenged me to a race. We were still in the parking lot. "I gassed it very hard, trying to win." My car spun and started doing donuts.	 query:event: I put my car in drive starts before I gassed it very hard  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I got into my car after work. A coworker challenged me to a race. We were still in the parking lot. "I gassed it very hard, trying to win." My car spun and started doing donuts.	 query:event: I put my car in drive starts after I gassed it very hard  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I made a grilled cheese sandwich. I decided to spice it up with some garlic. The garlic was so strong that it ruined the sandwich. I threw it in the garbage. "Luckily, the mice in my kitchen found it delicious."	 query:event: I cut up a garlic clove starts after I decided to spice it up with some garlic  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I made a grilled cheese sandwich. I decided to spice it up with some garlic. The garlic was so strong that it ruined the sandwich. I threw it in the garbage. "Luckily, the mice in my kitchen found it delicious."	 query:event: I cut up a garlic clove starts before I decided to spice it up with some garlic  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I was talking to my neighbor this morning. He said that there is a loose cat going around the neighborhood. "I told him that I thought I saw it, also." "When I went back inside, I heard a small ""meow""." The cat had been following me and got inside my house.	 query:event: The cat felt scared. starts before He say that there is a loose cat going around the neighborhood  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I was talking to my neighbor this morning. He said that there is a loose cat going around the neighborhood. "I told him that I thought I saw it, also." "When I went back inside, I heard a small ""meow""." The cat had been following me and got inside my house.	 query:event: The cat felt scared. starts after He say that there is a loose cat going around the neighborhood  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Matilda planted each seed of corn by hand. "She scuffed at the dirt with her shoe, when the last one was in." "Alone in the field, the harvest seemed so very far off." "After the corn had grown and it was time to reap it, she was sad." Turning the brown husks under and starting anew seemed so far off.	 query:event: The corn went through the growing process. starts after "Alone in the field, the harvest seemed so very far off."  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Matilda planted each seed of corn by hand. "She scuffed at the dirt with her shoe, when the last one was in." "Alone in the field, the harvest seemed so very far off." "After the corn had grown and it was time to reap it, she was sad." Turning the brown husks under and starting anew seemed so far off.	 query:event: The corn went through the growing process. starts before "Alone in the field, the harvest seemed so very far off."  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I went down to the apartment's clubhouse to play pool with my pals. They were all much better than I was. I realized that I had to work hard to get to be as good as them. So I spent the next couple of weeks playing with them a bunch. "Now, we are all equally as good as one another!"	 query:event: My pals scored better than I did starts before So I spend the next couple of weeks playing with them a bunch  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I went down to the apartment's clubhouse to play pool with my pals. They were all much better than I was. I realized that I had to work hard to get to be as good as them. So I spent the next couple of weeks playing with them a bunch. "Now, we are all equally as good as one another!"	 query:event: My pals scored better than I did starts after So I spend the next couple of weeks playing with them a bunch  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Mary loves to buy ice cream from the Ice Cream Truck. One day Mary bought a snow cone from the truck. She was enjoying her snow cone. Unfortunately Mary accidentally dropped her cone. The driver of the Ice cream Truck was nice and gave Mary another one.	 query:event: Mary became visibly saddened. starts before The driver of the Ice cream Truck give Mary another one  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Mary loves to buy ice cream from the Ice Cream Truck. One day Mary bought a snow cone from the truck. She was enjoying her snow cone. Unfortunately Mary accidentally dropped her cone. The driver of the Ice cream Truck was nice and gave Mary another one.	 query:event: Mary became visibly saddened. starts after The driver of the Ice cream Truck give Mary another one  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Ed had tried to get to the top of the apple tree for weeks. He could only get so far, then he couldn't reach any higher. He finally started to think about a different approach. The next day, he tried climbing from the opposite side. He made it to the top at last!	 query:event: Ed wanted to climb to the top of the apple tree. starts before Ed had tried to get to the top of the apple tree for weeks  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Ed had tried to get to the top of the apple tree for weeks. He could only get so far, then he couldn't reach any higher. He finally started to think about a different approach. The next day, he tried climbing from the opposite side. He made it to the top at last!	 query:event: Ed wanted to climb to the top of the apple tree. starts after Ed had tried to get to the top of the apple tree for weeks  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Martha was living by herself. She was lonely being by herself. She called up her mother. Her mother came to visit her the next day. Martha felt better in the company of her mother.	 query:event: Martha's mother worried about her. starts after Martha called her up.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Martha was living by herself. She was lonely being by herself. She called up her mother. Her mother came to visit her the next day. Martha felt better in the company of her mother.	 query:event: Martha's mother worried about her. starts before Martha called her up.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  This morning I woke up really happy. I had a pleasant dream I thought was real life. I enjoyed my entire morning. It wasn't until I went to my car that I noticed. I wasn't about to drive a spaceship.	 query:event: The speaker gets in the car starts after noticing the car wasn't a spaceship  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  This morning I woke up really happy. I had a pleasant dream I thought was real life. I enjoyed my entire morning. It wasn't until I went to my car that I noticed. I wasn't about to drive a spaceship.	 query:event: The speaker gets in the car starts before noticing the car wasn't a spaceship  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jennifer decided to grill some corn one day. She went outside and preheated her grill. She peeled back the corn husks and removed silk. She then wrapped each ear of corn in aluminum foil. She placed them on the grill.	 query:event: Jennifer learns how to use a grill starts before She peel back the corn husks  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jennifer decided to grill some corn one day. She went outside and preheated her grill. She peeled back the corn husks and removed silk. She then wrapped each ear of corn in aluminum foil. She placed them on the grill.	 query:event: Jennifer learns how to use a grill starts after She peel back the corn husks  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Kelly absolutely loved her new pink dress. She wore it everywhere she could. Unfortunately yesterday she spilled dye on it. Thankfully she was able to get it out. Kelly vowed to never ruin it again.	 query:event: Kelly is alive. starts after She wear it everywhere she could  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Michelle is walking home from the club. While walking she feels someone grab her arm. They turn her around and point a gun at her. They demanded her purse. She gives them her purse and is robbed.	 query:event: Michelled had money in her purse. starts before she feel someone grab her arm  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Michelle is walking home from the club. While walking she feels someone grab her arm. They turn her around and point a gun at her. They demanded her purse. She gives them her purse and is robbed.	 query:event: Michelled had money in her purse. starts after she feel someone grab her arm  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Debbie was majoring in history at her university. She had to write a senior thesis on a historical event. She chose Bastille Day. She chose it almost at random. She grew very tired of the research but saw it through nonetheless.	 query:event: Debbie went to her hi 	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Debbie was majoring in history at her university. She had to write a senior thesis on a historical event. She chose Bastille Day. She chose it almost at random. She grew very tired of the research but saw it through nonetheless.	 query:event: Debbie went to her hi 	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I can hear the ice cream man somewhere in my neighborhood. The music is unmistakable and sounds so close! I take off down the street and around the corner to find him. He isn't down any of the streets I checked. I'm going to buy ice cream at the store instead.	 query:event: The ice cream man left the neighborhood starts before I take off down the streets  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I can hear the ice cream man somewhere in my neighborhood. The music is unmistakable and sounds so close! I take off down the street and around the corner to find him. He isn't down any of the streets I checked. I'm going to buy ice cream at the store instead.	 query:event: The ice cream man left the neighborhood starts after I take off down the streets  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Alan loved to play Candy crush. Every time he had a new set of lives he would play. He would play until he lost and then consider spending money. He lost track of how much money he may have blown on it. But it was what he liked to do for fun, so he was going to continue.	 query:event: Alan spent money meant to buy books on the game starts before He lose track of how much money he may have blown on it  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Alan loved to play Candy crush. Every time he had a new set of lives he would play. He would play until he lost and then consider spending money. He lost track of how much money he may have blown on it. But it was what he liked to do for fun, so he was going to continue.	 query:event: Alan spent money meant to buy books on the game starts after He lose track of how much money he may have blown on it  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jill has been practicing everyday so she can beat Roz at the big race. She has been running two times a day and only eating healthy food. "On the day of the race, she feels ready." The officials start the race. Jill and Roz run a fair race and Jill wins!	 query:event: Neither Jill nor Roz cheated during the race. starts before the officials started the race  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Juan worked for a local landscaping company. One day he was trimming hedges in a flower bed. He did not see the coral snake in the flower bed. The coral snake bit Juan on his ankle. Juan could not work for several days because of the snake bite.	 query:event: Juan went to the doctor starts before Juan could not work because of the snake bite  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Juan worked for a local landscaping company. One day he was trimming hedges in a flower bed. He did not see the coral snake in the flower bed. The coral snake bit Juan on his ankle. Juan could not work for several days because of the snake bite.	 query:event: Juan went to the doctor starts after Juan could not work because of the snake bite  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jay's sister had a camera. She just left it around and did not use it. Jay decided to take it for himself. He started taking photos everywhere he goes. He started loving photography.	 query:event: Jay knows how to use a camera. starts before He start taking photos everywhere he goes  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jay's sister had a camera. She just left it around and did not use it. Jay decided to take it for himself. He started taking photos everywhere he goes. He started loving photography.	 query:event: Jay knows how to use a camera. starts after He start taking photos everywhere he goes  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Glenn bought his cats a feather toy. The cats seemed to love when Glenn played with them with the toy. "Eventually, though, they stole it and hid under the bed with it." "When Glenn finally retrieved the toy, the cats had torn it apart." He had to get them a new one the next day.	 query:event: Glenn owns cats starts before Glenn buy his cats a feather toy  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Glenn bought his cats a feather toy. The cats seemed to love when Glenn played with them with the toy. "Eventually, though, they stole it and hid under the bed with it." "When Glenn finally retrieved the toy, the cats had torn it apart." He had to get them a new one the next day.	 query:event: Glenn owns cats starts after Glenn buy his cats a feather toy  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  A boy walked up to the ticket taker at the local circus. He asked if he could get in for free because he was poor. The ticket taker pitied the boy but couldn't do what he wanted. The boy began to dance for the people in line to earn money. The boy bought his ticket and gave the ticket taker a dirty look.	 query:event: the people in line pitied the boy starts after The boy give the ticket taker a dirty look  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  A boy walked up to the ticket taker at the local circus. He asked if he could get in for free because he was poor. The ticket taker pitied the boy but couldn't do what he wanted. The boy began to dance for the people in line to earn money. The boy bought his ticket and gave the ticket taker a dirty look.	 query:event: the people in line pitied the boy starts before The boy give the ticket taker a dirty look  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Eli ordered a lot of products off the Internet. He was asleep when the parcel delivery service came. She stacked all of Eli's packages directly in front of his door. When he woke up he couldn't open his door! Eli climbed out the window and moved the boxes away from the door.	 query:event: Eli fell asleel starts before He was asleep when the parcel delivery service came.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Eli ordered a lot of products off the Internet. He was asleep when the parcel delivery service came. She stacked all of Eli's packages directly in front of his door. When he woke up he couldn't open his door! Eli climbed out the window and moved the boxes away from the door.	 query:event: Eli fell asleel starts after He was asleep when the parcel delivery service came.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Beth had a wonderful young son. Beth was a single mother. Beth's son begged her to buy a pet for their home. She allowed him to have a pet gerbil. Beth's son loved the gerbil and was happy.	 query:event: Beth went to the pet store. starts after She allow him to have a pet gerbil  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Beth had a wonderful young son. Beth was a single mother. Beth's son begged her to buy a pet for their home. She allowed him to have a pet gerbil. Beth's son loved the gerbil and was happy.	 query:event: Beth went to the pet store. starts before She allow him to have a pet gerbil  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Desire loved going to the zoo. She gets excited every time she sees the zebra exhibit. Desire rounded up some kids at the zoo. They all watched the special lion show. Desire went home happy and slept with her stuffed animal from the zoo.	 query:event: Kids went to the zoo. starts before Desire round some kids at the zoo  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Desire loved going to the zoo. She gets excited every time she sees the zebra exhibit. Desire rounded up some kids at the zoo. They all watched the special lion show. Desire went home happy and slept with her stuffed animal from the zoo.	 query:event: Kids went to the zoo. starts after Desire round some kids at the zoo  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  On Megan's ninth birthday, her mom surprised her. She told Megan there would still be vegetables to eat! Megan hated vegetables and she was very unhappy. But then her mom pulled out a carrot cake and Rice Krispies! Megan was more than happy to eat her "vegetables" that night!	 query:event: Megan's mom made a carrot cake. starts before her mom surprise her  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  On Megan's ninth birthday, her mom surprised her. She told Megan there would still be vegetables to eat! Megan hated vegetables and she was very unhappy. But then her mom pulled out a carrot cake and Rice Krispies! Megan was more than happy to eat her "vegetables" that night!	 query:event: Megan's mom made a carrot cake. starts after her mom surprise her  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Thomas was up for an award. He thought he was a shoe in and everyone else did too. " When the name was called for the award though, it wasn't his." Thomas felt sad but he didn't give up. Next year Thomas worked even harder and won the award.	 query:event: Thomas's boss noticed how hard he was working starts after Thomas felt sad but he didn't give up  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Thomas was up for an award. He thought he was a shoe in and everyone else did too. " When the name was called for the award though, it wasn't his." Thomas felt sad but he didn't give up. Next year Thomas worked even harder and won the award.	 query:event: Thomas's boss noticed how hard he was working starts before Thomas felt sad but he didn't give up  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Bill loved to play in the forest. "One day, while playing a game, bill got himself lost." He walked around the forest for hours. "Finally, his mother came into the forest and brought bill back home." Bill was happy to be home with his mother!	 query:event: Bill's mother became worried starts before Bill be happy to be home with his mother  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Bill loved to play in the forest. "One day, while playing a game, bill got himself lost." He walked around the forest for hours. "Finally, his mother came into the forest and brought bill back home." Bill was happy to be home with his mother!	 query:event: Bill's mother became worried starts after Bill be happy to be home with his mother  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Hocus Pocus found the dusty Diary. Inside were a string of numbers. He thought they were lottery numbers. He bet on them. They were milk production weights for a cow.	 query:event: He was excited. starts before They be milk production weights for a cow  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Hocus Pocus found the dusty Diary. Inside were a string of numbers. He thought they were lottery numbers. He bet on them. They were milk production weights for a cow.	 query:event: He was excited. starts after They be milk production weights for a cow  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  "My friend Joe has a son, 16." When his son was 13 he told his dad there was no summer reading. Joe believed his son. I went online and found the school did have summer reading. "Joe told his son to do the reading, plus one book."	 query:event: The son knew he had summer reading starts before I find the school did have summer reading  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  "My friend Joe has a son, 16." When his son was 13 he told his dad there was no summer reading. Joe believed his son. I went online and found the school did have summer reading. "Joe told his son to do the reading, plus one book."	 query:event: The son knew he had summer reading starts after I find the school did have summer reading  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jack and Jill went out on their dock. They were going fishing. Jack tripped and fell into the water. Jill dove in after him. Jill saved Jack's life.	 query:event: Jack almost died. ends after Jill saved him.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  My dog loved to eat grass. Therefore, I could never take him outside on his own. I was getting tired of supervising him while he was outside. I decided to buy him a muzzle. Now, he could play outside without eating grass.	 query:event: I have a dog. ends after he can play outside without eating grass  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  My dog loved to eat grass. Therefore, I could never take him outside on his own. I was getting tired of supervising him while he was outside. I decided to buy him a muzzle. Now, he could play outside without eating grass.	 query:event: I have a dog. ends before he can play outside without eating grass  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tonya had just moved into a new house. She was planning a housewarming party. "The day before, her dog had ripped up her carpet." "Also, a small fire erupted in the kitchen as she was cooking." "She was so mad, she canceled the party."	 query:event: Tonya had enough money for her house. ends before Tonya move into a new house  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tonya had just moved into a new house. She was planning a housewarming party. "The day before, her dog had ripped up her carpet." "Also, a small fire erupted in the kitchen as she was cooking." "She was so mad, she canceled the party."	 query:event: Tonya had enough money for her house. ends after Tonya move into a new house  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Hannah decided to go for a walk. She was far away from home when it suddenly started raining. Hannah ran home as fast as she could. When she arrived home she was soaked and freezing. Hannah decided she would always check the weather from now on.	 query:event: Hannah caught a cold ends after she soaked  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  John got a new cat and was worried how it would take to the old one. He tried everything but the old cat would always act mean. One day the old cat was stuck in a box and the young cat helped it. Ever since they became best friends. "John was so happy with the result, he got another cat."	 query:event: The old cat climbed in a box ends after the young cat helped it.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  John got a new cat and was worried how it would take to the old one. He tried everything but the old cat would always act mean. One day the old cat was stuck in a box and the young cat helped it. Ever since they became best friends. "John was so happy with the result, he got another cat."	 query:event: The old cat climbed in a box ends before the young cat helped it.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  A barbarian was walking through the woods one day. He noticed a foreign tribe by his tribe's river. He ran home and warned his fellow tribesman. They ran over to the foreigners and engaged in combat. The other tribe fled and the barbarian and his tribe went home.	 query:event: The barbarian and his fellow tribesman gathered their weapons. ends before the barbarian and his tribesman ran over to the foreigners  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  A barbarian was walking through the woods one day. He noticed a foreign tribe by his tribe's river. He ran home and warned his fellow tribesman. They ran over to the foreigners and engaged in combat. The other tribe fled and the barbarian and his tribe went home.	 query:event: The barbarian and his fellow tribesman gathered their weapons. ends after the barbarian and his tribesman ran over to the foreigners  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  My dog loved to eat grass. Therefore, I could never take him outside on his own. I was getting tired of supervising him while he was outside. I decided to buy him a muzzle. Now, he could play outside without eating grass.	 query:event: I have a dog. ends after I get tired of supervising him while he was outside  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I wanted to be a baseball pitcher for the school's team. When I tried out for the team though the coach wouldn't let me pitch. He said I didn't throw fast enough. I worked on my pitching speed for the next year. The new year I tried out again and became the pitcher.	 query:event: My pitching improved over the year that I practiced. ends before I tried out again and became the pitcher  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I wanted to be a baseball pitcher for the school's team. When I tried out for the team though the coach wouldn't let me pitch. He said I didn't throw fast enough. I worked on my pitching speed for the next year. The new year I tried out again and became the pitcher.	 query:event: My pitching improved over the year that I practiced. ends after I tried out again and became the pitcher  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tom got a new cat. Within a week it was lost. Tom looked around a bit for it but didn't find it. Tom decided to get a dog instead. Eventually the cat returned and Tom gave it away.	 query:event: Tom gave up on his cat quickly ends before Tom decide to get a dog instead  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tom got a new cat. Within a week it was lost. Tom looked around a bit for it but didn't find it. Tom decided to get a dog instead. Eventually the cat returned and Tom gave it away.	 query:event: Tom gave up on his cat quickly ends after Tom decide to get a dog instead  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Carol could barely keep her eyes open after arriving at work. "She tried to do her job, but she couldn't focus on anything." Her partner gave her a cup of coffee to help wake her up. She drank it down with increasing vigor as the caffeine did its job. She attacked her daily work with renewed vigor.	 query:event: Carol felt guilty ends after she attacked her daily work  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Carol could barely keep her eyes open after arriving at work. "She tried to do her job, but she couldn't focus on anything." Her partner gave her a cup of coffee to help wake her up. She drank it down with increasing vigor as the caffeine did its job. She attacked her daily work with renewed vigor.	 query:event: Carol felt guilty ends before she attacked her daily work  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tim was being fed some baby food. He was extra fussy today. Tim grabbed it and threw it all over the place. It was all too messed up to try and feed him. Tim was given a bottle instead.	 query:event: Tim was fed in the kitchen. ends before It be all too messed up to try and feed him  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tim was being fed some baby food. He was extra fussy today. Tim grabbed it and threw it all over the place. It was all too messed up to try and feed him. Tim was given a bottle instead.	 query:event: Tim was fed in the kitchen. ends after It be all too messed up to try and feed him  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Eric went to a yoga class. He had never been. He realized then he was not very flexible. "After the class, people were laughing at him." He did better his second time.	 query:event: But, Eric was determined to try again. ends before He do better  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Eric went to a yoga class. He had never been. He realized then he was not very flexible. "After the class, people were laughing at him." He did better his second time.	 query:event: But, Eric was determined to try again. ends after He do better  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Debbie was majoring in history at her university. She had to write a senior thesis on a historical event. She chose Bastille Day. She chose it almost at random. She grew very tired of the research but saw it through nonetheless.	 query:event: Debbie went to her hi 	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Debbie was majoring in history at her university. She had to write a senior thesis on a historical event. She chose Bastille Day. She chose it almost at random. She grew very tired of the research but saw it through nonetheless.	 query:event: Debbie went to her hi 	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jane is doing some light shopping on a Saturday. She decides she needs a new outfit for a party later that week. She picks out a cute new black dress. She then decides she needs some shoes to match. She finds and buys a very cute pair of black heels.	 query:event: Jane tries on black heels ends after she buys a pair of shoes  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jane is doing some light shopping on a Saturday. She decides she needs a new outfit for a party later that week. She picks out a cute new black dress. She then decides she needs some shoes to match. She finds and buys a very cute pair of black heels.	 query:event: Jane tries on black heels ends before she buys a pair of shoes  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Neil took a ferry to Hong Kong. The bay was beautiful in the moonlight. And the hundreds of tall factories caught his eye! Hong Kong was by far his favorite Chinese province. He couldn't wait to return!	 query:event: He had his meal on the ferry ends after Hong Kong be by far his favorite Chinese province  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jen walked out of the mall only to find her car was gone. She looked around frantically. Finally she called mall security. As they started questioning her she realized her car wasn't missing. She had gone out of the wrong door of the mall.	 query:event: Jen walked around the parking lot ends after She look around frantically  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Burt left his car windows down one sunny day in New Jersey. The weather changed and soon it started to downpour. Burt ran to his car and rolled up his windows during the storm. The inside was not very wet yet. Burt sighed in relief and vowed to never be so foolish again.	 query:event: Burt got wet ends before Burt rolled up his windows  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Burt left his car windows down one sunny day in New Jersey. The weather changed and soon it started to downpour. Burt ran to his car and rolled up his windows during the storm. The inside was not very wet yet. Burt sighed in relief and vowed to never be so foolish again.	 query:event: Burt got wet ends after Burt rolled up his windows  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jeremy had never tried Mexican food. One day his friends took him to an authentic Mexican restaurant. Jeremy decided to try the cheese enchiladas with rice and beans. He thought his meal was delicious. Jeremy went back several times afterward to try other entrees.	 query:event: Jeremy got dressed for dinner. ends before his friends take him to an authentic Mexican restaurant  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jeremy had never tried Mexican food. One day his friends took him to an authentic Mexican restaurant. Jeremy decided to try the cheese enchiladas with rice and beans. He thought his meal was delicious. Jeremy went back several times afterward to try other entrees.	 query:event: Jeremy got dressed for dinner. ends after his friends take him to an authentic Mexican restaurant  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Ellen's nephew was selling raffle tickets. Ellen decided to buy tickets. Someone from the fundraiser called Ellen. She had won a prize of five hundred dollars! Ellen drove to town to pick up her cash prize.	 query:event: Ellen provided contact information with her tickets. ends before someone from the raffle called Ellen.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Ellen's nephew was selling raffle tickets. Ellen decided to buy tickets. Someone from the fundraiser called Ellen. She had won a prize of five hundred dollars! Ellen drove to town to pick up her cash prize.	 query:event: Ellen provided contact information with her tickets. ends after someone from the raffle called Ellen.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Dean decided he was going to prank his principle. He took a carton of eggs from his fridge and headed out. He arrived at his principal's house a little after midnight. After throwing two eggs his principle came outside. He was forced to clean up the mess and serve detention for a month.	 query:event: Dean rode a bike to his principal's house. ends after he arrived at his principal's house  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Dean decided he was going to prank his principle. He took a carton of eggs from his fridge and headed out. He arrived at his principal's house a little after midnight. After throwing two eggs his principle came outside. He was forced to clean up the mess and serve detention for a month.	 query:event: Dean rode a bike to his principal's house. ends before he arrived at his principal's house  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  "My friend Joe has a son, 16." When his son was 13 he told his dad there was no summer reading. Joe believed his son. I went online and found the school did have summer reading. "Joe told his son to do the reading, plus one book."	 query:event: I told Joe about the summer reading ends before Joe believe his son  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Maddie was excited to see the new Harry Potter movie. The line was out the door and it was exciting. Maddie luckily was able to get a seat. The movie was long but it was worth it. When the movie was over, it was great.	 query:event: Maddie sat down in her seat ends after the movie was long but worth it  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I bought a new external hard drive. It was large and green. I was careful hooking it up. I started downloading a ton of new games. It's going to take all week for them to load.	 query:event: I turned on my computer ends before I start downloading a ton of new games  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I bought a new external hard drive. It was large and green. I was careful hooking it up. I started downloading a ton of new games. It's going to take all week for them to load.	 query:event: I turned on my computer ends after I start downloading a ton of new games  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Mary baked her first pie. It didn't turn out as well as she thought it would. The crust was burned and the fruit inside wasn't that great. "However, she remembered that practice makes perfect and tried again." "Each pie after came out better, and she was happy she didn't give up."	 query:event: Mary cut open the pie to see the flling ends before the fruit inside wasn't that great  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Mary baked her first pie. It didn't turn out as well as she thought it would. The crust was burned and the fruit inside wasn't that great. "However, she remembered that practice makes perfect and tried again." "Each pie after came out better, and she was happy she didn't give up."	 query:event: Mary cut open the pie to see the flling ends after the fruit inside wasn't that great  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Geraldine received an orchid for her birthday. She really like plants but didn't know how to keep one alive. "As she thought the soil was dry, she watered it." But two days later the flowers started falling. Geraldine realized she had killed yet another plant!	 query:event: Geraldine had received a different past in the past ends before But the flowers start falling  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Geraldine received an orchid for her birthday. She really like plants but didn't know how to keep one alive. "As she thought the soil was dry, she watered it." But two days later the flowers started falling. Geraldine realized she had killed yet another plant!	 query:event: Geraldine had received a different past in the past ends after But the flowers start falling  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Bianca had dark brown hair. She wanted to make her hair a lighter color. She bought hair dye from the store. She dyed her hair a blonde color. Bianca's boyfriend complimented her new hair afterwards.	 query:event: Bianca removed the hair dye from its packaging. ends before She dye her hair a blonde color  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Bianca had dark brown hair. She wanted to make her hair a lighter color. She bought hair dye from the store. She dyed her hair a blonde color. Bianca's boyfriend complimented her new hair afterwards.	 query:event: Bianca removed the hair dye from its packaging. ends after She dye her hair a blonde color  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Barry is very tall. His feet hung off his bed. "One day, Barry bought a very long bed." He slept very well that night. Barry will never sleep in a normal bed again.	 query:event: Barry visited a furniture shop. ends after he bought a very long bed.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Barry is very tall. His feet hung off his bed. "One day, Barry bought a very long bed." He slept very well that night. Barry will never sleep in a normal bed again.	 query:event: Barry visited a furniture shop. ends before he bought a very long bed.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Martha was living by herself. She was lonely being by herself. She called up her mother. Her mother came to visit her the next day. Martha felt better in the company of her mother.	 query:event: Martha's mother worried about her. ends after she came to visit Martha the next day.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Martha was living by herself. She was lonely being by herself. She called up her mother. Her mother came to visit her the next day. Martha felt better in the company of her mother.	 query:event: Martha's mother worried about her. ends before she came to visit Martha the next day.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jeremy had never tried Mexican food. One day his friends took him to an authentic Mexican restaurant. Jeremy decided to try the cheese enchiladas with rice and beans. He thought his meal was delicious. Jeremy went back several times afterward to try other entrees.	 query:event: Jeremy had a margarita ends after he thought his meal was delicious  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jeremy had never tried Mexican food. One day his friends took him to an authentic Mexican restaurant. Jeremy decided to try the cheese enchiladas with rice and beans. He thought his meal was delicious. Jeremy went back several times afterward to try other entrees.	 query:event: Jeremy had a margarita ends before he thought his meal was delicious  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  "After the three day music festival, Cecily was understandably tired." She slept for almost 12 hours straight. "When she woke up, however, she still didn't feel well." Sleeping in the mud and rainy had given Cecily the flu. She called in sick to work and spent the next two days recuperating.	 query:event: Cecily had an upset stomach ends after she spent two days recuperating  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  "After the three day music festival, Cecily was understandably tired." She slept for almost 12 hours straight. "When she woke up, however, she still didn't feel well." Sleeping in the mud and rainy had given Cecily the flu. She called in sick to work and spent the next two days recuperating.	 query:event: Cecily had an upset stomach ends before she spent two days recuperating  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Lucy awoke and jumped out of bed. It was Independence Day and she was excited. She ran and asked her grandma if they could go see fireworks. Grandma reminded her that wouldn't be for hours. Lucy decided to play to pass the time.	 query:event: Lucy had spend the night at her grandmother's house. ends before Lucy jump out of bed  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Lucy awoke and jumped out of bed. It was Independence Day and she was excited. She ran and asked her grandma if they could go see fireworks. Grandma reminded her that wouldn't be for hours. Lucy decided to play to pass the time.	 query:event: Lucy had spend the night at her grandmother's house. ends after Lucy jump out of bed  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jan wanted to stop smoking. He tried support groups and pills but nothing worked. Jan realized he could travel to a place where there are no cigarettes. He applied for a Job in Antarctica as a researcher and he got the job. "After six month in Antarctica, Jan no longer craved cigarettes."	 query:event: Jan knew smoking was bad for him ends after Jan realize he could travel to a place where there are no cigarettes  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jan wanted to stop smoking. He tried support groups and pills but nothing worked. Jan realized he could travel to a place where there are no cigarettes. He applied for a Job in Antarctica as a researcher and he got the job. "After six month in Antarctica, Jan no longer craved cigarettes."	 query:event: Jan knew smoking was bad for him ends before Jan realize he could travel to a place where there are no cigarettes  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Bob's granddaughter had gotten lost. He had her now, but she was still afraid. He wanted to calm the child's mind. He told her a story of being lost for half a day as a child. The story made the girl smile even if it were a lie.	 query:event: Bob looked every where for his granddaughter ends after he had her.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Bob's granddaughter had gotten lost. He had her now, but she was still afraid. He wanted to calm the child's mind. He told her a story of being lost for half a day as a child. The story made the girl smile even if it were a lie.	 query:event: Bob looked every where for his granddaughter ends before he had her.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Ellen's nephew was selling raffle tickets. Ellen decided to buy tickets. Someone from the fundraiser called Ellen. She had won a prize of five hundred dollars! Ellen drove to town to pick up her cash prize.	 query:event: Ellen provided contact information with her tickets. ends before the fundraiser call Ellen  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Ellen's nephew was selling raffle tickets. Ellen decided to buy tickets. Someone from the fundraiser called Ellen. She had won a prize of five hundred dollars! Ellen drove to town to pick up her cash prize.	 query:event: Ellen provided contact information with her tickets. ends after the fundraiser call Ellen  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Ana was playing in the snow with her brother. They were having a snowball fight. Suddenly, Anna felt a pain in her cheek. She saw that the snowball had had a rock in it. Her brother apologized and they quit fighting.	 query:event: Ana fell to the ground ends after Her brother apologize  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Ana was playing in the snow with her brother. They were having a snowball fight. Suddenly, Anna felt a pain in her cheek. She saw that the snowball had had a rock in it. Her brother apologized and they quit fighting.	 query:event: Ana fell to the ground ends before Her brother apologize  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Martin realizes that he needs to get more exercise. He decides to have a walk around the block before he goes to bed. That night he sleeps more deeply than normal. He decides to take a walk every night before going to bed. Martin is very happy he is getting more exercise.	 query:event: Martin has been exercising less frequently lately. ends before he decides to take a walk every night  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Martin realizes that he needs to get more exercise. He decides to have a walk around the block before he goes to bed. That night he sleeps more deeply than normal. He decides to take a walk every night before going to bed. Martin is very happy he is getting more exercise.	 query:event: Martin has been exercising less frequently lately. ends after he decides to take a walk every night  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I woke up and I was very hungry. I went to the kitchen to make breakfast. I got eggs and sausage from the fridge. I cooked the food and made toast and poured a glass of milk. I sat down and enjoyed the meal.	 query:event: The stove was used to make breakfast ends after the food was cooked  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I woke up and I was very hungry. I went to the kitchen to make breakfast. I got eggs and sausage from the fridge. I cooked the food and made toast and poured a glass of milk. I sat down and enjoyed the meal.	 query:event: The stove was used to make breakfast ends before the food was cooked  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tom got a new cat. Within a week it was lost. Tom looked around a bit for it but didn't find it. Tom decided to get a dog instead. Eventually the cat returned and Tom gave it away.	 query:event: Tom got a dog ends before the cat return  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Erica was doing the dishes. She slipped on a wet spot on the ground. She broke a plate that she was holding in her hand. She cleaned up the mess of broken ceramic. "Afterwards, she mopped up the wet spot."	 query:event: Erica put the broken plate in the trash ends before she mopped up the wet spot  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Erica was doing the dishes. She slipped on a wet spot on the ground. She broke a plate that she was holding in her hand. She cleaned up the mess of broken ceramic. "Afterwards, she mopped up the wet spot."	 query:event: Erica put the broken plate in the trash ends after she mopped up the wet spot  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Josh loved to eat steak. His wife did not like steak. Josh wanted to get a good steak. He left his wife to go to the steakhouse. Now he is filing for divorce.	 query:event: Josh and his wife were having marital problems ends after he is filing for divorce  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Josh loved to eat steak. His wife did not like steak. Josh wanted to get a good steak. He left his wife to go to the steakhouse. Now he is filing for divorce.	 query:event: Josh and his wife were having marital problems ends before he is filing for divorce  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Kendall was heading over to the movie theater. He was very excited to see the new Star Wars movie. At the theater he found out he didn't have enough money. Someone behind him offered to purchase his ticket. Kendall was so happy that a stranger would be so kind.	 query:event: The new Star Wars movie premiered in the theater ends before Kendall was headed to the theater  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Kendall was heading over to the movie theater. He was very excited to see the new Star Wars movie. At the theater he found out he didn't have enough money. Someone behind him offered to purchase his ticket. Kendall was so happy that a stranger would be so kind.	 query:event: The new Star Wars movie premiered in the theater ends after Kendall was headed to the theater  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Eva poured herself a bowl of cereal. She went to get milk. They were out of regular milk! Only soy milk was left. Eva tried it and liked it.	 query:event: Eve got the cereal box out of the cabinet ends after Only soy milk left  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jill has been practicing everyday so she can beat Roz at the big race. She has been running two times a day and only eating healthy food. "On the day of the race, she feels ready." The officials start the race. Jill and Roz run a fair race and Jill wins!	 query:event: Jill became better at running. ends before The officials start the race  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jill has been practicing everyday so she can beat Roz at the big race. She has been running two times a day and only eating healthy food. "On the day of the race, she feels ready." The officials start the race. Jill and Roz run a fair race and Jill wins!	 query:event: Jill became better at running. ends after The officials start the race  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Amy has suffered from anxiety her whole life. This had prevented her from getting a job. She has a degree but hasn't used it. Today she has a stay at home job. "Today, Amy is happy."	 query:event: Amy was eventually able to have a successful job interview. ends before Amy has a stay at home job  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Amy has suffered from anxiety her whole life. This had prevented her from getting a job. She has a degree but hasn't used it. Today she has a stay at home job. "Today, Amy is happy."	 query:event: Amy was eventually able to have a successful job interview. ends after Amy has a stay at home job  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Paul hates his job. Everyday at work he gets angry and says mean things to people. Paul's boss gave him a verbal warning about his attitude at work. Currently Paul is on a performance plan at work. Next month Paul will be fired.	 query:event: Paul had a meeting with his boss. ends after his boss gave him a verbal warning about his attitude at work.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Paul hates his job. Everyday at work he gets angry and says mean things to people. Paul's boss gave him a verbal warning about his attitude at work. Currently Paul is on a performance plan at work. Next month Paul will be fired.	 query:event: Paul had a meeting with his boss. ends before his boss gave him a verbal warning about his attitude at work.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Sean had a guitar. He wanted to write a song. He jammed a bit. "Then, some ideas came to him." He wrote them down until he had a song.	 query:event: Sean grabbed a writing utensil. ends after Sean have a guitar  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Sean had a guitar. He wanted to write a song. He jammed a bit. "Then, some ideas came to him." He wrote them down until he had a song.	 query:event: Sean grabbed a writing utensil. ends before Sean have a guitar  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  On Megan's ninth birthday, her mom surprised her. She told Megan there would still be vegetables to eat! Megan hated vegetables and she was very unhappy. But then her mom pulled out a carrot cake and Rice Krispies! Megan was more than happy to eat her "vegetables" that night!	 query:event: Megan ate dinner. ends before her mom pulled out carrot cake and Rice Krispies  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  On Megan's ninth birthday, her mom surprised her. She told Megan there would still be vegetables to eat! Megan hated vegetables and she was very unhappy. But then her mom pulled out a carrot cake and Rice Krispies! Megan was more than happy to eat her "vegetables" that night!	 query:event: Megan ate dinner. ends after her mom pulled out carrot cake and Rice Krispies  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  A boy walked up to the ticket taker at the local circus. He asked if he could get in for free because he was poor. The ticket taker pitied the boy but couldn't do what he wanted. The boy began to dance for the people in line to earn money. The boy bought his ticket and gave the ticket taker a dirty look.	 query:event: the boy put his hat down on the pavement ends before the boy bought his ticket  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  A boy walked up to the ticket taker at the local circus. He asked if he could get in for free because he was poor. The ticket taker pitied the boy but couldn't do what he wanted. The boy began to dance for the people in line to earn money. The boy bought his ticket and gave the ticket taker a dirty look.	 query:event: the boy put his hat down on the pavement ends after the boy bought his ticket  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I was sitting in class falling asleep. "Suddenly, the teacher asked me a question." I sat there speechless. I randomly told the teacher that two was the answer. "Surprisingly, I was completely right."	 query:event: The teacher saw me falling asleep ends before I sit there speechless  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Daniel was setting up for Thanksgiving dinner. She needed to arrange place cards for everyone. At first she put her brother and uncle near each other. "Then, her sister warned her that the two had been fighting." She managed to change the arrangement right before they arrived.	 query:event: family was invited over for thanksgiving dinner ends before She need to arrange place cards for everyone  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Daniel was setting up for Thanksgiving dinner. She needed to arrange place cards for everyone. At first she put her brother and uncle near each other. "Then, her sister warned her that the two had been fighting." She managed to change the arrangement right before they arrived.	 query:event: family was invited over for thanksgiving dinner ends after She need to arrange place cards for everyone  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Ed had tried to get to the top of the apple tree for weeks. He could only get so far, then he couldn't reach any higher. He finally started to think about a different approach. The next day, he tried climbing from the opposite side. He made it to the top at last!	 query:event: Ed knew how to climb.  ends after he try climbing from the opposite side  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Ed had tried to get to the top of the apple tree for weeks. He could only get so far, then he couldn't reach any higher. He finally started to think about a different approach. The next day, he tried climbing from the opposite side. He made it to the top at last!	 query:event: Ed knew how to climb.  ends before he try climbing from the opposite side  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Bianca had dark brown hair. She wanted to make her hair a lighter color. She bought hair dye from the store. She dyed her hair a blonde color. Bianca's boyfriend complimented her new hair afterwards.	 query:event: Bianca drove back home from the store. ends before She dye her hair a blonde color  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Bianca had dark brown hair. She wanted to make her hair a lighter color. She bought hair dye from the store. She dyed her hair a blonde color. Bianca's boyfriend complimented her new hair afterwards.	 query:event: Bianca drove back home from the store. ends after She dye her hair a blonde color  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Susie wanted to open up a convenience store. But she really needed a loan for that. So she went to loan office. She was not sure she would get it. But she was almost instantly approved.	 query:event: Susie was nervous about not getting approved ends after she was approved  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Susie wanted to open up a convenience store. But she really needed a loan for that. So she went to loan office. She was not sure she would get it. But she was almost instantly approved.	 query:event: Susie was nervous about not getting approved ends before she was approved  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Evan was nine but sometimes still wet the bed. He was invited to a sleepover but afraid to attend. He did not want anyone to discover his secret! Then his mom bought him a pack of absorbent underwear to wear. Evan felt much more secure with the backup underwear on!	 query:event: Evan's mom wanted to help Evan go to the sleepover ends before she bought him absorbent underwear  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Evan was nine but sometimes still wet the bed. He was invited to a sleepover but afraid to attend. He did not want anyone to discover his secret! Then his mom bought him a pack of absorbent underwear to wear. Evan felt much more secure with the backup underwear on!	 query:event: Evan's mom wanted to help Evan go to the sleepover ends after she bought him absorbent underwear  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Angel forgot to set her alarm. She woke up when the light came in through the window. Angel looked at the clock and saw she was late for work. She called her boss and told him she overslept. The boss laughed and told her to take her time coming in.	 query:event: Angel slept without an alarm set. ends after she woke up when light came through the window.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Angel forgot to set her alarm. She woke up when the light came in through the window. Angel looked at the clock and saw she was late for work. She called her boss and told him she overslept. The boss laughed and told her to take her time coming in.	 query:event: Angel slept without an alarm set. ends before she woke up when light came through the window.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Graham was playing among his toys. He wanted to climb and tried using a toy box to do it. Suddenly the toy box snapped and broke. Graham was so sad because it was one of his favorite toys. He promised to be more careful with his toys from then on.	 query:event: Graham put his favorite toy in the trash ends after Graham be so sad because it was one of his favorite toys  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Graham was playing among his toys. He wanted to climb and tried using a toy box to do it. Suddenly the toy box snapped and broke. Graham was so sad because it was one of his favorite toys. He promised to be more careful with his toys from then on.	 query:event: Graham put his favorite toy in the trash ends before Graham be so sad because it was one of his favorite toys  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  John got a new cat and was worried how it would take to the old one. He tried everything but the old cat would always act mean. One day the old cat was stuck in a box and the young cat helped it. Ever since they became best friends. "John was so happy with the result, he got another cat."	 query:event: John brought a cat home ends before the old cat stuck in a box  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  John got a new cat and was worried how it would take to the old one. He tried everything but the old cat would always act mean. One day the old cat was stuck in a box and the young cat helped it. Ever since they became best friends. "John was so happy with the result, he got another cat."	 query:event: John brought a cat home ends after the old cat stuck in a box  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Eli ordered a lot of products off the Internet. He was asleep when the parcel delivery service came. She stacked all of Eli's packages directly in front of his door. When he woke up he couldn't open his door! Eli climbed out the window and moved the boxes away from the door.	 query:event: Eli fell asleel ends before parcel delivery service came.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Yesterday Kelly went on numerous college visits. Her parents took her around the state to look. She found about three that she really liked. At the end of the trip she decided to apply. She ended up getting into her top choice.	 query:event: Kelly has two parents ends before Kelly go on numerous college visits  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Yesterday Kelly went on numerous college visits. Her parents took her around the state to look. She found about three that she really liked. At the end of the trip she decided to apply. She ended up getting into her top choice.	 query:event: Kelly has two parents ends after Kelly go on numerous college visits  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jeff visited a giraffe that was in the zoo. He fed several bard pellets and petted him. The giraffe jumped as soon as Jeff tapped his head. It managed to run away. However, it turned around and started charging at Jeff.	 query:event: Jeff was having a good time at the zoo ends after the giraffe turned around and started charging at Jeff.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jeff visited a giraffe that was in the zoo. He fed several bard pellets and petted him. The giraffe jumped as soon as Jeff tapped his head. It managed to run away. However, it turned around and started charging at Jeff.	 query:event: Jeff was having a good time at the zoo ends before the giraffe turned around and started charging at Jeff.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Hannah decided to go for a walk. She was far away from home when it suddenly started raining. Hannah ran home as fast as she could. When she arrived home she was soaked and freezing. Hannah decided she would always check the weather from now on.	 query:event: Hannah took off all her clothes ends after she soaked  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Hannah decided to go for a walk. She was far away from home when it suddenly started raining. Hannah ran home as fast as she could. When she arrived home she was soaked and freezing. Hannah decided she would always check the weather from now on.	 query:event: Hannah took off all her clothes ends before she soaked  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  My dog loved to eat grass. Therefore, I could never take him outside on his own. I was getting tired of supervising him while he was outside. I decided to buy him a muzzle. Now, he could play outside without eating grass.	 query:event: My dog likes the taste of grass ends before I decided to buy him a muzzle  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  My dog loved to eat grass. Therefore, I could never take him outside on his own. I was getting tired of supervising him while he was outside. I decided to buy him a muzzle. Now, he could play outside without eating grass.	 query:event: My dog likes the taste of grass ends after I decided to buy him a muzzle  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tara's daughter Lea informed her that she needed candy. She learned that Lea's class was having a party. Tara made plans on going to the store for some. She wrote it down on a list so they wouldn't forget. "Later that afternoon, they were able to pick some up."	 query:event: Lea's teacher told the class that each student needed to bring candy for a party. ends before Tara make plans on going to the store for some  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tara's daughter Lea informed her that she needed candy. She learned that Lea's class was having a party. Tara made plans on going to the store for some. She wrote it down on a list so they wouldn't forget. "Later that afternoon, they were able to pick some up."	 query:event: Lea's teacher told the class that each student needed to bring candy for a party. ends after Tara make plans on going to the store for some  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Bill loved to play in the forest. "One day, while playing a game, bill got himself lost." He walked around the forest for hours. "Finally, his mother came into the forest and brought bill back home." Bill was happy to be home with his mother!	 query:event: bill's mother searched for her son bill ends after Bill be happy to be home with his mother  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Bill loved to play in the forest. "One day, while playing a game, bill got himself lost." He walked around the forest for hours. "Finally, his mother came into the forest and brought bill back home." Bill was happy to be home with his mother!	 query:event: bill's mother searched for her son bill ends before Bill be happy to be home with his mother  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jill is driving down the road. Her car starts to make a strange noise. She pulls over and checks the hood. It's smoking everywhere. She calls triple A for help with her car.	 query:event: Jill thinks something is wrong with her car ends before She check the hood  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jill is driving down the road. Her car starts to make a strange noise. She pulls over and checks the hood. It's smoking everywhere. She calls triple A for help with her car.	 query:event: Jill thinks something is wrong with her car ends after She check the hood  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Carol could barely keep her eyes open after arriving at work. "She tried to do her job, but she couldn't focus on anything." Her partner gave her a cup of coffee to help wake her up. She drank it down with increasing vigor as the caffeine did its job. She attacked her daily work with renewed vigor.	 query:event: Carol was nervous that she might get fired ends after she drank it down with vigor  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  A young lady was running through the sand at the beach. Strong winds started to blow in her direction. She was pushed back. "When she fell, her hair fell out." "Before anyone noticed, she quickly put it on and walked away."	 query:event: She stood up ends after she walked away  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tom got a new cat. Within a week it was lost. Tom looked around a bit for it but didn't find it. Tom decided to get a dog instead. Eventually the cat returned and Tom gave it away.	 query:event: Tom didn't like his new cat much ends after he gave it away  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tom got a new cat. Within a week it was lost. Tom looked around a bit for it but didn't find it. Tom decided to get a dog instead. Eventually the cat returned and Tom gave it away.	 query:event: Tom didn't like his new cat much ends before he gave it away  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Esme thought ducks were the cutest of all animals. She wished that she lived near a park with a duck pond. "She made a special trip to go to one, and took bread to feed them." The group of ducks became very large and aggressive and swarmed her. Esme no longer thinks ducks are very cute at all.	 query:event: Esme is a young girl ends before Esme think ducks were the cutest of all animals  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Esme thought ducks were the cutest of all animals. She wished that she lived near a park with a duck pond. "She made a special trip to go to one, and took bread to feed them." The group of ducks became very large and aggressive and swarmed her. Esme no longer thinks ducks are very cute at all.	 query:event: Esme is a young girl ends after Esme think ducks were the cutest of all animals  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Our son is silly when it comes to drinking fluids. He only likes to drink milk. Doesn't even like to drink juice! He will also only drink from one type of cup. He is very silly to say the least.	 query:event: We let our son pick his drink ends after He be very silly to say the least  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Our son is silly when it comes to drinking fluids. He only likes to drink milk. Doesn't even like to drink juice! He will also only drink from one type of cup. He is very silly to say the least.	 query:event: We let our son pick his drink ends before He be very silly to say the least  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Carter slept in his crib. "In the morning, he climbed out of it." His dad transitioned the bed into a toddler bed. Carter discovered that he could just get into his bed without climbing. Carter now sleeps in his toddler bed.	 query:event: Carter's dad used some tools ends before Carter sleep in his toddler bed  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Carter slept in his crib. "In the morning, he climbed out of it." His dad transitioned the bed into a toddler bed. Carter discovered that he could just get into his bed without climbing. Carter now sleeps in his toddler bed.	 query:event: Carter's dad used some tools ends after Carter sleep in his toddler bed  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Andrea invited Amanda onto her boat. Amanda was excited since she had never taken a boat ride. "The ocean waves were big that day, and the boat rocked a lot." Amanda quickly became sick and wanted to go back. Andrea apologized to Amanda since she felt bad for her.	 query:event: Andrea's and Amanda's boat ride was cut short. ends after Amanda quickly want to go back  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Andrea invited Amanda onto her boat. Amanda was excited since she had never taken a boat ride. "The ocean waves were big that day, and the boat rocked a lot." Amanda quickly became sick and wanted to go back. Andrea apologized to Amanda since she felt bad for her.	 query:event: Andrea's and Amanda's boat ride was cut short. ends before Amanda quickly want to go back  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Simon lost his job. He needed a new one as soon as possible. He sent out a bunch of applications. "At first, he got no response." Finally someone contacted him and offered him a job.	 query:event: Simon feels very stressed out. ends before He need a new one  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Simon lost his job. He needed a new one as soon as possible. He sent out a bunch of applications. "At first, he got no response." Finally someone contacted him and offered him a job.	 query:event: Simon feels very stressed out. ends after He need a new one  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  It was the first morning of Kate's trip in Las Vegas. Kate wanted to go to a restaurant for breakfast. But her friends wanted to get room service. Kate was leery because she always heard room service was expensive. But she decided to go along with it just for the experience.	 query:event: Kate asked her friends where to go for breakfast ends after her friends wanted to get room service  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  It was the first morning of Kate's trip in Las Vegas. Kate wanted to go to a restaurant for breakfast. But her friends wanted to get room service. Kate was leery because she always heard room service was expensive. But she decided to go along with it just for the experience.	 query:event: Kate asked her friends where to go for breakfast ends before her friends wanted to get room service  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Susie was trying to find her way home. All the sudden she got lost. It upset her. She had to rely on her gps. It took five hours to get home.	 query:event: Susie was carrying a purse ends after she got home.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Susie was trying to find her way home. All the sudden she got lost. It upset her. She had to rely on her gps. It took five hours to get home.	 query:event: Susie was carrying a purse ends before she got home.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Hocus Pocus found the dusty Diary. Inside were a string of numbers. He thought they were lottery numbers. He bet on them. They were milk production weights for a cow.	 query:event: He thought he had a good chance of winning the lottery. ends before he bet on the lottery numbers  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Corey went to see a movie at the theatre. The movie began playing. "Ten minutes into the movie, the film malfunctioned." Everyone was given their money back. Corey returned to the movies the next week.	 query:event: The audience was angry. ends before Corey return to the movies  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Corey went to see a movie at the theatre. The movie began playing. "Ten minutes into the movie, the film malfunctioned." Everyone was given their money back. Corey returned to the movies the next week.	 query:event: The audience was angry. ends after Corey return to the movies  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I went down to the apartment's clubhouse to play pool with my pals. They were all much better than I was. I realized that I had to work hard to get to be as good as them. So I spent the next couple of weeks playing with them a bunch. "Now, we are all equally as good as one another!"	 query:event: I walked into the clubhouse ends before They be much better than I was  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Anna needed a new car. Her old was was always breaking down. So she got a second part-time job. She saved up her paychecks. Soon she could afford a new car!	 query:event: Anna worked extra hard to get enough money to buy a new car ends after she had saved enough to get a new car  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Anna needed a new car. Her old was was always breaking down. So she got a second part-time job. She saved up her paychecks. Soon she could afford a new car!	 query:event: Anna worked extra hard to get enough money to buy a new car ends before she had saved enough to get a new car  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  John got a new cat and was worried how it would take to the old one. He tried everything but the old cat would always act mean. One day the old cat was stuck in a box and the young cat helped it. Ever since they became best friends. "John was so happy with the result, he got another cat."	 query:event: John brought a cat home ends before He tried everything but the old cat would always act mean.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  John got a new cat and was worried how it would take to the old one. He tried everything but the old cat would always act mean. One day the old cat was stuck in a box and the young cat helped it. Ever since they became best friends. "John was so happy with the result, he got another cat."	 query:event: John brought a cat home ends after He tried everything but the old cat would always act mean.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Milwaukee resident Wallace wanted to go swimming in the lake. "It was early September, and he donned his swim trunks." He drove to the lake and found parking. The water was already far too cold for him to swim. Wallace went home unsatisfied.	 query:event: Wallace wanted to swim in early September. ends after The water be far too cold for him to swim  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Milwaukee resident Wallace wanted to go swimming in the lake. "It was early September, and he donned his swim trunks." He drove to the lake and found parking. The water was already far too cold for him to swim. Wallace went home unsatisfied.	 query:event: Wallace wanted to swim in early September. ends before The water be far too cold for him to swim  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Saturday was Kelly's birthday. She assumed no one cared about her birthday. She came home however and found all her friends waiting for her. They all yelled surprise. Kelly laughed and couldn't believe they remembered.	 query:event: Kelly was surprised  ends after Kelly laughed and couldn't believe they remembered.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Saturday was Kelly's birthday. She assumed no one cared about her birthday. She came home however and found all her friends waiting for her. They all yelled surprise. Kelly laughed and couldn't believe they remembered.	 query:event: Kelly was surprised  ends before Kelly laughed and couldn't believe they remembered.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Cammie lost a $50 bill somewhere. "She was so upset, she almost cried." "Then, the next day, doing laundry, she found it!" "It was wet, wrinkled, and clean in the washer!" Cammie was elated!	 query:event: Cammie put clothes in the dryer ends before Cammie lost a $50 bill  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Cammie lost a $50 bill somewhere. "She was so upset, she almost cried." "Then, the next day, doing laundry, she found it!" "It was wet, wrinkled, and clean in the washer!" Cammie was elated!	 query:event: Cammie put clothes in the dryer ends after Cammie lost a $50 bill  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  "Haley was eating a bologna sandwich, worrying about the holidays." "She wondered what she was going to do for gifts, having no money." The postman dropped off a Christmas card from her parents. The card had a gift card in it. Haley decided to use the money to buy gifts for her family.	 query:event: The postman opened Haley's mailbox. ends before The card have a gift card in it  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  "Haley was eating a bologna sandwich, worrying about the holidays." "She wondered what she was going to do for gifts, having no money." The postman dropped off a Christmas card from her parents. The card had a gift card in it. Haley decided to use the money to buy gifts for her family.	 query:event: The postman opened Haley's mailbox. ends after The card have a gift card in it  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  The man tried his best. He failed at the task. He lost a lot of money. That put his house at risk. His wife had to get a job to help the family.	 query:event: the man thought he could win ends after That put his house at risk  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  The man tried his best. He failed at the task. He lost a lot of money. That put his house at risk. His wife had to get a job to help the family.	 query:event: the man thought he could win ends before That put his house at risk  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Mikey was eating out with his family. His mom complained that her meat was undercooked. Mikey tried to stop her, but she began berating the waiter. Other people noticed and scolded her. It became such a mess Mikey decided to leave.	 query:event: Mikey felt embarrassed by his mom. ends before Mikey try to stop her  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Mikey was eating out with his family. His mom complained that her meat was undercooked. Mikey tried to stop her, but she began berating the waiter. Other people noticed and scolded her. It became such a mess Mikey decided to leave.	 query:event: Mikey felt embarrassed by his mom. ends after Mikey try to stop her  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Emma was getting ready to graduate from high school. She wanted to go to college but could not afford it. Her parents were unable to help her financially. Emma received a letter from the scholarship organization. She received the scholarship and was able to attend college.	 query:event: Emma asked her school counselor for help ends before she received a letter from a scholarship  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Emma was getting ready to graduate from high school. She wanted to go to college but could not afford it. Her parents were unable to help her financially. Emma received a letter from the scholarship organization. She received the scholarship and was able to attend college.	 query:event: Emma asked her school counselor for help ends after she received a letter from a scholarship  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Yesterday Kelly went on numerous college visits. Her parents took her around the state to look. She found about three that she really liked. At the end of the trip she decided to apply. She ended up getting into her top choice.	 query:event: Kelly has two parents ends after She end getting into her top choice  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Yesterday Kelly went on numerous college visits. Her parents took her around the state to look. She found about three that she really liked. At the end of the trip she decided to apply. She ended up getting into her top choice.	 query:event: Kelly has two parents ends before She end getting into her top choice  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tina was taking a science test. She was not prepared. She hardly studied. She kept it blank. She ended up failing.	 query:event: Tina's teacher graded her test ends before she ended up failing  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tina was taking a science test. She was not prepared. She hardly studied. She kept it blank. She ended up failing.	 query:event: Tina's teacher graded her test ends after she ended up failing  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  My boss pulled me aside at work. I thought he was going to tell me Happy Birthday. Instead, he told me I wasn't needed today. I sulked home, not sure whether I was getting fired or not. When I arrived home, I walked into a surprise birthday party!	 query:event: I worked for a short time. ends after I think he was going to tell me Happy Birthday  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  My boss pulled me aside at work. I thought he was going to tell me Happy Birthday. Instead, he told me I wasn't needed today. I sulked home, not sure whether I was getting fired or not. When I arrived home, I walked into a surprise birthday party!	 query:event: I worked for a short time. ends before I think he was going to tell me Happy Birthday  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tim got nervous when he couldn't find his wallet. "He looked all around his office, to no avail." He borrowed money from a friend for lunch. He left work early and went home to search. He was relieved to find his wallet under his bed.	 query:event: Tim reached for his wallet ends before he couldn't find his wallet  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tim got nervous when he couldn't find his wallet. "He looked all around his office, to no avail." He borrowed money from a friend for lunch. He left work early and went home to search. He was relieved to find his wallet under his bed.	 query:event: Tim reached for his wallet ends after he couldn't find his wallet  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Laura pushed her shopping cart to her car. She opened the trunk of her car and put in her bags. Laura got in the front seat and put her key in the ignition. The car wouldn't start. Laura realized it wasn't her car.	 query:event: Laura looked for her own car ends before The car would n't start  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Laura pushed her shopping cart to her car. She opened the trunk of her car and put in her bags. Laura got in the front seat and put her key in the ignition. The car wouldn't start. Laura realized it wasn't her car.	 query:event: Laura looked for her own car ends after The car would n't start  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I was washing dishes and noticed my sink was clogged. I didn't see anything obvious clogging it. I looked under the counter and grabbed the bottle of drain cleaner. I poured the drain cleaner down the drain. "Later, I washed the drain and the clog was gone."	 query:event: I clogged the sink ends before I notice my sink was clogged  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I was washing dishes and noticed my sink was clogged. I didn't see anything obvious clogging it. I looked under the counter and grabbed the bottle of drain cleaner. I poured the drain cleaner down the drain. "Later, I washed the drain and the clog was gone."	 query:event: I clogged the sink ends after I notice my sink was clogged  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jill studied all week for her math test. She stayed up studying the cold night before too. The morning of the test, she woke up sick. But she went to school anyway. Jill's teacher allowed her to take the test at home.	 query:event: Jill felt worried about passing the math test. ends before Jill's teacher allowed her to take the test at home  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jill studied all week for her math test. She stayed up studying the cold night before too. The morning of the test, she woke up sick. But she went to school anyway. Jill's teacher allowed her to take the test at home.	 query:event: Jill felt worried about passing the math test. ends after Jill's teacher allowed her to take the test at home  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Neil took a ferry to Hong Kong. The bay was beautiful in the moonlight. And the hundreds of tall factories caught his eye! Hong Kong was by far his favorite Chinese province. He couldn't wait to return!	 query:event: Neil has been to Hong Kong numerous times ends after Hong Kong be by far his favorite Chinese province  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Neil took a ferry to Hong Kong. The bay was beautiful in the moonlight. And the hundreds of tall factories caught his eye! Hong Kong was by far his favorite Chinese province. He couldn't wait to return!	 query:event: Neil has been to Hong Kong numerous times ends before Hong Kong be by far his favorite Chinese province  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Amy was at the theater to see a movie. She wanted popcorn, and candy, and soda. She only had $5 for snacks. Amy could only have one of the snacks she wanted. Beth offered to share her popcorn so Amy could buy candy.	 query:event: Beth and Amy were at a well known movie theatre chain ends after Amy could only have one of the snacks she wanted  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Amy was at the theater to see a movie. She wanted popcorn, and candy, and soda. She only had $5 for snacks. Amy could only have one of the snacks she wanted. Beth offered to share her popcorn so Amy could buy candy.	 query:event: Beth and Amy were at a well known movie theatre chain ends before Amy could only have one of the snacks she wanted  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  The train started to move after eight in the morning. I slowly looked for a seat and settled down. "A moment later, a small child stood up and took out an axe." Everyone was scared and tried to run away. "Luckily, a muscular man was able to stop him and take away the axe."	 query:event: My heart was pounding ends after a man was able to take away the axe  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  The train started to move after eight in the morning. I slowly looked for a seat and settled down. "A moment later, a small child stood up and took out an axe." Everyone was scared and tried to run away. "Luckily, a muscular man was able to stop him and take away the axe."	 query:event: My heart was pounding ends before a man was able to take away the axe  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Heidi bought a brand new car. The new car was a convertible and very fast. Heidi started to drive her new car very fast. She started to get speeding tickets and decided to slow down. Heidi regretted buying a sports car.	 query:event: Heidi blames her speeding on the new convertible ends after she regretted buying a sports car  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  The farm had a lot of animals. The kids' favorite was the donkey. His name was Old Red. They fed him a carrot and petted his nose. Old Red was a fun animal to play with.	 query:event: The donkey lives on the farm ends before Old Red be a fun animal to play with  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Ron really wanted to join the baseball team. But he could not throw or hit a ball at all! Then the coach had him catch a few. Ron was a natural! He made the team right away!	 query:event: Ron put on a baseball glove ends before he made the team  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Ron really wanted to join the baseball team. But he could not throw or hit a ball at all! Then the coach had him catch a few. Ron was a natural! He made the team right away!	 query:event: Ron put on a baseball glove ends after he made the team  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Milwaukee resident Wallace wanted to go swimming in the lake. "It was early September, and he donned his swim trunks." He drove to the lake and found parking. The water was already far too cold for him to swim. Wallace went home unsatisfied.	 query:event: Wallace was looking forward to swimming in the lake. ends after he left home unsatisfied.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Milwaukee resident Wallace wanted to go swimming in the lake. "It was early September, and he donned his swim trunks." He drove to the lake and found parking. The water was already far too cold for him to swim. Wallace went home unsatisfied.	 query:event: Wallace was looking forward to swimming in the lake. ends before he left home unsatisfied.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tim was visiting his grandparents. They didn't have wifi or fast internet. Their connection was still using dial up. Tim tried to use the internet but it was just too slow. He decided to just use his smart phone instead.	 query:event: Tim's grandparents didn't use the internet much. ends after Tim used his smart phone instead  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tim was visiting his grandparents. They didn't have wifi or fast internet. Their connection was still using dial up. Tim tried to use the internet but it was just too slow. He decided to just use his smart phone instead.	 query:event: Tim's grandparents didn't use the internet much. ends before Tim used his smart phone instead  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Charles needed money and payday was a week away. He drove to a local clinic and applied to donate plasma. "After donating plasma, Charles felt weak." He passed out in the clinic. "When he woke up, nurses were in his face and he asked for his check."	 query:event: Charles parked at the plasma center ends before he applied to donate plasma  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Charles needed money and payday was a week away. He drove to a local clinic and applied to donate plasma. "After donating plasma, Charles felt weak." He passed out in the clinic. "When he woke up, nurses were in his face and he asked for his check."	 query:event: Charles parked at the plasma center ends after he applied to donate plasma  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Brent is an avid hunter. Brent wanted to shoot a deer. Brent put on his camouflage gear. Brent was not able to hunt a deer. Brent went home disappointed.	 query:event: Brent brought his hunting gear with him. ends before Brent put his camouflage gear  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Brent is an avid hunter. Brent wanted to shoot a deer. Brent put on his camouflage gear. Brent was not able to hunt a deer. Brent went home disappointed.	 query:event: Brent brought his hunting gear with him. ends after Brent put his camouflage gear  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I was in a bad mood. "At work, I yelled at people." "It the bus stop, I screamed at a bird." I realized that I was simply hungry. "After eating a pizza, I felt happy again."	 query:event: I was at work ends before at the bus stop, I screamed at a bird  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I was in a bad mood. "At work, I yelled at people." "It the bus stop, I screamed at a bird." I realized that I was simply hungry. "After eating a pizza, I felt happy again."	 query:event: I was at work ends after at the bus stop, I screamed at a bird  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jenna collapsed on her bed in tears. Ben asked her to Spring Party, but she had no money for a dress. Just then her roommate, Marissa, entered, smiling. To her surprise, Marissa smiled and held out a beautiful dress. The dress fit perfectly and Jenna was able to go the party after all!	 query:event: Ben wanted to go to the dance with Jenna ends before Ben asked her to the dance  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jenna collapsed on her bed in tears. Ben asked her to Spring Party, but she had no money for a dress. Just then her roommate, Marissa, entered, smiling. To her surprise, Marissa smiled and held out a beautiful dress. The dress fit perfectly and Jenna was able to go the party after all!	 query:event: Ben wanted to go to the dance with Jenna ends after Ben asked her to the dance  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jim wanted to go home for the holidays. The drive was to long so Jim booked a plane ticket. Jim packed his bags and was ready well in advance. Jim went to the airport and flew home for the holidays. His family was excited to see him and he was excited to see them.	 query:event: Jim felt home sick ends after His family was excited to see him and he was excited to see them.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jim wanted to go home for the holidays. The drive was to long so Jim booked a plane ticket. Jim packed his bags and was ready well in advance. Jim went to the airport and flew home for the holidays. His family was excited to see him and he was excited to see them.	 query:event: Jim felt home sick ends before His family was excited to see him and he was excited to see them.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Kendall was heading over to the movie theater. He was very excited to see the new Star Wars movie. At the theater he found out he didn't have enough money. Someone behind him offered to purchase his ticket. Kendall was so happy that a stranger would be so kind.	 query:event: Kendall offered to pay the stranger back ends before Kendall was so happy  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Kendall was heading over to the movie theater. He was very excited to see the new Star Wars movie. At the theater he found out he didn't have enough money. Someone behind him offered to purchase his ticket. Kendall was so happy that a stranger would be so kind.	 query:event: Kendall offered to pay the stranger back ends after Kendall was so happy  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I can hear the ice cream man somewhere in my neighborhood. The music is unmistakable and sounds so close! I take off down the street and around the corner to find him. He isn't down any of the streets I checked. I'm going to buy ice cream at the store instead.	 query:event: The ice cream man left the neighborhood ends after he isn't found on any of the checked streets  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Laura pushed her shopping cart to her car. She opened the trunk of her car and put in her bags. Laura got in the front seat and put her key in the ignition. The car wouldn't start. Laura realized it wasn't her car.	 query:event: Laura went to the grocery store ends before Laura push her shopping cart to her car  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Laura pushed her shopping cart to her car. She opened the trunk of her car and put in her bags. Laura got in the front seat and put her key in the ignition. The car wouldn't start. Laura realized it wasn't her car.	 query:event: Laura went to the grocery store ends after Laura push her shopping cart to her car  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jessie woke up late one morning. She had to hurry to get her son dressed. Jessie drove her son to school. They were late to school. Jessie had to sign her son into school.	 query:event: Jessie got her driver's license ends before Jessie had sign her son into school  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jessie woke up late one morning. She had to hurry to get her son dressed. Jessie drove her son to school. They were late to school. Jessie had to sign her son into school.	 query:event: Jessie got her driver's license ends after Jessie had sign her son into school  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tim was being fed some baby food. He was extra fussy today. Tim grabbed it and threw it all over the place. It was all too messed up to try and feed him. Tim was given a bottle instead.	 query:event: Tim was upset with the food ends before Tim throw it all over the place  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I was talking to my neighbor this morning. He said that there is a loose cat going around the neighborhood. "I told him that I thought I saw it, also." "When I went back inside, I heard a small ""meow""." The cat had been following me and got inside my house.	 query:event: I said goodbye to my neighbor. ends before The cat get inside my house  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I was talking to my neighbor this morning. He said that there is a loose cat going around the neighborhood. "I told him that I thought I saw it, also." "When I went back inside, I heard a small ""meow""." The cat had been following me and got inside my house.	 query:event: I said goodbye to my neighbor. ends after The cat get inside my house  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  The circus was in town! Jimmy's mom told him the circus would arrive by train. They were going to go watch the elephants walk to the arena. The street was lined with people watching. The elephants walked by in a line holding each other's tails!	 query:event: The elephants were trained ends after The street lined with people watching  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  The circus was in town! Jimmy's mom told him the circus would arrive by train. They were going to go watch the elephants walk to the arena. The street was lined with people watching. The elephants walked by in a line holding each other's tails!	 query:event: The elephants were trained ends before The street lined with people watching  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Bill loved to play in the forest. "One day, while playing a game, bill got himself lost." He walked around the forest for hours. "Finally, his mother came into the forest and brought bill back home." Bill was happy to be home with his mother!	 query:event: Bill's mother became worried ends after she brought bill back home  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Bill loved to play in the forest. "One day, while playing a game, bill got himself lost." He walked around the forest for hours. "Finally, his mother came into the forest and brought bill back home." Bill was happy to be home with his mother!	 query:event: Bill's mother became worried ends before she brought bill back home  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Randy is a man who has 5 kids. Randy starts arguing with his wife one day. Randy got so upset he promised to leave his wife. So that's what Randy did. He left his children and wife.	 query:event: Randy packs up all of his belongings. ends before he left his children and wife  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Randy is a man who has 5 kids. Randy starts arguing with his wife one day. Randy got so upset he promised to leave his wife. So that's what Randy did. He left his children and wife.	 query:event: Randy packs up all of his belongings. ends after he left his children and wife  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jeff visited a giraffe that was in the zoo. He fed several bard pellets and petted him. The giraffe jumped as soon as Jeff tapped his head. It managed to run away. However, it turned around and started charging at Jeff.	 query:event: Jeff went to the zoo ends before he visited a giraffe  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Erica was doing the dishes. She slipped on a wet spot on the ground. She broke a plate that she was holding in her hand. She cleaned up the mess of broken ceramic. "Afterwards, she mopped up the wet spot."	 query:event: Erica cried out ends before She clean the mess of broken ceramic  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Erica was doing the dishes. She slipped on a wet spot on the ground. She broke a plate that she was holding in her hand. She cleaned up the mess of broken ceramic. "Afterwards, she mopped up the wet spot."	 query:event: Erica cried out ends after She clean the mess of broken ceramic  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Carter slept in his crib. "In the morning, he climbed out of it." His dad transitioned the bed into a toddler bed. Carter discovered that he could just get into his bed without climbing. Carter now sleeps in his toddler bed.	 query:event: Carter woke up ends before he climbed out of his crib  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Carter slept in his crib. "In the morning, he climbed out of it." His dad transitioned the bed into a toddler bed. Carter discovered that he could just get into his bed without climbing. Carter now sleeps in his toddler bed.	 query:event: Carter woke up ends after he climbed out of his crib  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tom and his friends decided to go hiking. While hiking Tom tripped and fell down a cliff. He was injured so his friends called for help. Search and rescue came and saved Tom. After a two weeks in the hospital Tom recovered.	 query:event: Tom was in pain. ends after he recovered  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  On Megan's ninth birthday, her mom surprised her. She told Megan there would still be vegetables to eat! Megan hated vegetables and she was very unhappy. But then her mom pulled out a carrot cake and Rice Krispies! Megan was more than happy to eat her "vegetables" that night!	 query:event: Megan complained about eating vegetables. ends before Megan's mom pulled out carrot cake and Rice Krispies  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  On Megan's ninth birthday, her mom surprised her. She told Megan there would still be vegetables to eat! Megan hated vegetables and she was very unhappy. But then her mom pulled out a carrot cake and Rice Krispies! Megan was more than happy to eat her "vegetables" that night!	 query:event: Megan complained about eating vegetables. ends after Megan's mom pulled out carrot cake and Rice Krispies  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Ed was learning to play poker. His friends had thrown all their cards in. Wd looked so glum that they felt sure to win. But then Ed threw down his cards: full house! They groaned to see that he had already mastered the poker face.	 query:event: Ed was putting on a show ends before he threw down his cards  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Sara and Joseph were planning their wedding. They were on a tight budget. They couldn't afford a three tiered cake. Sara ordered a one tier cake and baked matching cupcakes. The cupcakes were a big hit amongst the guest.	 query:event: Sara and Joseph were engaged ends after Sara order a one tier cake and baked matching cupcakes  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Sara and Joseph were planning their wedding. They were on a tight budget. They couldn't afford a three tiered cake. Sara ordered a one tier cake and baked matching cupcakes. The cupcakes were a big hit amongst the guest.	 query:event: Sara and Joseph were engaged ends before Sara order a one tier cake and baked matching cupcakes  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Trisha was a manager of local diner. It was a slow night. The diner hadn't been making any money. Trisha didn't want the diner to lose any more money. Trisha closed the diner an hour early.	 query:event: Trisha called the owners to explain closing early ends before she closed the diner early  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Trisha was a manager of local diner. It was a slow night. The diner hadn't been making any money. Trisha didn't want the diner to lose any more money. Trisha closed the diner an hour early.	 query:event: Trisha called the owners to explain closing early ends after she closed the diner early  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Bill loved to play in the forest. "One day, while playing a game, bill got himself lost." He walked around the forest for hours. "Finally, his mother came into the forest and brought bill back home." Bill was happy to be home with his mother!	 query:event: bill's mother searched for her son bill ends after his mother came into the forest and brought bill home  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Bill loved to play in the forest. "One day, while playing a game, bill got himself lost." He walked around the forest for hours. "Finally, his mother came into the forest and brought bill back home." Bill was happy to be home with his mother!	 query:event: bill's mother searched for her son bill ends before his mother came into the forest and brought bill home  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Hannah decided to go for a walk. She was far away from home when it suddenly started raining. Hannah ran home as fast as she could. When she arrived home she was soaked and freezing. Hannah decided she would always check the weather from now on.	 query:event: Hannah was on the road ends after she soaked  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  "One day, Ernie went on a walk in the park." Ernie walked by the tennis courts and saw two beautiful women playing. "He had never played tennis before, but he decided to learn." "The next day he went to the park, and the ladies were there again." "They invited him to join them, and eventually one became his wife."	 query:event: Ernie bought himself a tennis racquet  ends before he went back to the park the next day  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  "One day, Ernie went on a walk in the park." Ernie walked by the tennis courts and saw two beautiful women playing. "He had never played tennis before, but he decided to learn." "The next day he went to the park, and the ladies were there again." "They invited him to join them, and eventually one became his wife."	 query:event: Ernie bought himself a tennis racquet  ends after he went back to the park the next day  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tom had a bunch of candy from halloween. He didn't each even one piece. So after Thanksgiving he decided to start eating his candy. But his candy was nowhere to be found. His little brother took it all.	 query:event: Tom's little brother likes candy. ends before But his candy be nowhere to be found  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tom had a bunch of candy from halloween. He didn't each even one piece. So after Thanksgiving he decided to start eating his candy. But his candy was nowhere to be found. His little brother took it all.	 query:event: Tom's little brother likes candy. ends after But his candy be nowhere to be found  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  A couple's internet went out. They called the cable company. They sent someone to fix it. It took the repairman forever. The couple complained.	 query:event: The couples were surfing on the internet at home. ends before It take the repairman  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  A couple's internet went out. They called the cable company. They sent someone to fix it. It took the repairman forever. The couple complained.	 query:event: The couples were surfing on the internet at home. ends after It take the repairman  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  John really wanted to learn the Russian language. John bought materials and began studying. John watched Russian movies without subtitles. John spent a month living in Russia. Now John is fluent in the Russian language.	 query:event: The movie John watched aided his learning ends after he became fluent  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  John really wanted to learn the Russian language. John bought materials and began studying. John watched Russian movies without subtitles. John spent a month living in Russia. Now John is fluent in the Russian language.	 query:event: The movie John watched aided his learning ends before he became fluent  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jan wanted to stop smoking. He tried support groups and pills but nothing worked. Jan realized he could travel to a place where there are no cigarettes. He applied for a Job in Antarctica as a researcher and he got the job. "After six month in Antarctica, Jan no longer craved cigarettes."	 query:event: Jan was addicted to smoking ends after he spent six months in Antarctica  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Eric went to a yoga class. He had never been. He realized then he was not very flexible. "After the class, people were laughing at him." He did better his second time.	 query:event: Eric was very embarrassed. ends before He never be  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Eric went to a yoga class. He had never been. He realized then he was not very flexible. "After the class, people were laughing at him." He did better his second time.	 query:event: Eric was very embarrassed. ends after He never be  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Bianca had dark brown hair. She wanted to make her hair a lighter color. She bought hair dye from the store. She dyed her hair a blonde color. Bianca's boyfriend complimented her new hair afterwards.	 query:event: Bianca drove back home from the store. ends before she dyed her hair a blonde color  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Bianca had dark brown hair. She wanted to make her hair a lighter color. She bought hair dye from the store. She dyed her hair a blonde color. Bianca's boyfriend complimented her new hair afterwards.	 query:event: Bianca drove back home from the store. ends after she dyed her hair a blonde color  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Mary baked her first pie. It didn't turn out as well as she thought it would. The crust was burned and the fruit inside wasn't that great. "However, she remembered that practice makes perfect and tried again." "Each pie after came out better, and she was happy she didn't give up."	 query:event: Mary took her pie out of the over ends before it didn't turn out as well as she thought it would  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Mary baked her first pie. It didn't turn out as well as she thought it would. The crust was burned and the fruit inside wasn't that great. "However, she remembered that practice makes perfect and tried again." "Each pie after came out better, and she was happy she didn't give up."	 query:event: Mary took her pie out of the over ends after it didn't turn out as well as she thought it would  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  My dorm mates were incredible pranksters. One day they filled a thirty gallon Rubbermaid trash can with water. "The opened the laundry room door, propping the can on the door's top." "As the floor manager entered the laundry room, they nudged the door." The entire thirty gallons poured down on the manager in an icy flood!	 query:event: The trash can was very heavy. ends after the entire thirty gallons of water poured down on the manager  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  My dorm mates were incredible pranksters. One day they filled a thirty gallon Rubbermaid trash can with water. "The opened the laundry room door, propping the can on the door's top." "As the floor manager entered the laundry room, they nudged the door." The entire thirty gallons poured down on the manager in an icy flood!	 query:event: The trash can was very heavy. ends before the entire thirty gallons of water poured down on the manager  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Sara was getting ready to go to bed. Then, her boyfriend called. They began talking and stayed that way all night. As the sun rose, she was having trouble staying awake. He said goodnight and she fell asleep.	 query:event: It was a sunny day. ends before He say goodnight  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Sara was getting ready to go to bed. Then, her boyfriend called. They began talking and stayed that way all night. As the sun rose, she was having trouble staying awake. He said goodnight and she fell asleep.	 query:event: It was a sunny day. ends after He say goodnight  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  It was very hot outside. So Tina went to the beach. She thought it would be good. But then it was not. It was too hard.	 query:event: Tina had transportation to take to the beach. ends before But it be not  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  It was very hot outside. So Tina went to the beach. She thought it would be good. But then it was not. It was too hard.	 query:event: Tina had transportation to take to the beach. ends after But it be not  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Ed had tried to get to the top of the apple tree for weeks. He could only get so far, then he couldn't reach any higher. He finally started to think about a different approach. The next day, he tried climbing from the opposite side. He made it to the top at last!	 query:event: Ed wanted to climb to the top of the apple tree. ends after he made it to the top at last  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Ed had tried to get to the top of the apple tree for weeks. He could only get so far, then he couldn't reach any higher. He finally started to think about a different approach. The next day, he tried climbing from the opposite side. He made it to the top at last!	 query:event: Ed wanted to climb to the top of the apple tree. ends before he made it to the top at last  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jemma was looking forward to going to the lake today. "However, she saw that it was going to rainy today." "Upset, she thought about other things she could do today instead." She called a few of her friends and asked them to come over. Jemma and her friends spent the rest of the day watching movies.	 query:event: Jemma rented several movies ends before she thought about other things to do  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jemma was looking forward to going to the lake today. "However, she saw that it was going to rainy today." "Upset, she thought about other things she could do today instead." She called a few of her friends and asked them to come over. Jemma and her friends spent the rest of the day watching movies.	 query:event: Jemma rented several movies ends after she thought about other things to do  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tim got nervous when he couldn't find his wallet. "He looked all around his office, to no avail." He borrowed money from a friend for lunch. He left work early and went home to search. He was relieved to find his wallet under his bed.	 query:event: Tim went into his bedroom ends before He go home to search  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tim got nervous when he couldn't find his wallet. "He looked all around his office, to no avail." He borrowed money from a friend for lunch. He left work early and went home to search. He was relieved to find his wallet under his bed.	 query:event: Tim went into his bedroom ends after He go home to search  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I was taking an art class with my friend. "For our test, we had to each paint an apple." I had procrastinated until the night before it was due. My friend had been working on her painting all week. I was pleased that my picture turned out better than my friend's.	 query:event: My friend painted an apple ends before I procrastinate  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I was taking an art class with my friend. "For our test, we had to each paint an apple." I had procrastinated until the night before it was due. My friend had been working on her painting all week. I was pleased that my picture turned out better than my friend's.	 query:event: My friend painted an apple ends after I procrastinate  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Glenn bought his cats a feather toy. The cats seemed to love when Glenn played with them with the toy. "Eventually, though, they stole it and hid under the bed with it." "When Glenn finally retrieved the toy, the cats had torn it apart." He had to get them a new one the next day.	 query:event: The toy was destroyed beyond use  ends before Glenn finally retrieved the toy  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Glenn bought his cats a feather toy. The cats seemed to love when Glenn played with them with the toy. "Eventually, though, they stole it and hid under the bed with it." "When Glenn finally retrieved the toy, the cats had torn it apart." He had to get them a new one the next day.	 query:event: The toy was destroyed beyond use  ends after Glenn finally retrieved the toy  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  A couple's internet went out. They called the cable company. They sent someone to fix it. It took the repairman forever. The couple complained.	 query:event: The couple called the cable company again. ends before It take the repairman  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  A couple's internet went out. They called the cable company. They sent someone to fix it. It took the repairman forever. The couple complained.	 query:event: The couple called the cable company again. ends after It take the repairman  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Matilda planted each seed of corn by hand. "She scuffed at the dirt with her shoe, when the last one was in." "Alone in the field, the harvest seemed so very far off." "After the corn had grown and it was time to reap it, she was sad." Turning the brown husks under and starting anew seemed so far off.	 query:event: Matilda gathered her corn seeds. ends after "Alone in the field, the harvest seemed so very far off."  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Matilda planted each seed of corn by hand. "She scuffed at the dirt with her shoe, when the last one was in." "Alone in the field, the harvest seemed so very far off." "After the corn had grown and it was time to reap it, she was sad." Turning the brown husks under and starting anew seemed so far off.	 query:event: Matilda gathered her corn seeds. ends before "Alone in the field, the harvest seemed so very far off."  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tonya had just moved into a new house. She was planning a housewarming party. "The day before, her dog had ripped up her carpet." "Also, a small fire erupted in the kitchen as she was cooking." "She was so mad, she canceled the party."	 query:event: Tonya had enough money for her house. ends before she moved into a new house.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tonya had just moved into a new house. She was planning a housewarming party. "The day before, her dog had ripped up her carpet." "Also, a small fire erupted in the kitchen as she was cooking." "She was so mad, she canceled the party."	 query:event: Tonya had enough money for her house. ends after she moved into a new house.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Heidi bought a brand new car. The new car was a convertible and very fast. Heidi started to drive her new car very fast. She started to get speeding tickets and decided to slow down. Heidi regretted buying a sports car.	 query:event: Heidi went to a car dealership to buy a car ends after he bought a car  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I got into my car after work. A coworker challenged me to a race. We were still in the parking lot. "I gassed it very hard, trying to win." My car spun and started doing donuts.	 query:event: I lost control of my car ends after it spun  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  It was time for the Senior Prom. Emily was so excited! She went shopping for her dress finding the perfect one. Emily called her best friend Susie. It turned out they both bought the same exact dress!	 query:event: Emily is upset ends before It be time for the Senior Prom  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  It was time for the Senior Prom. Emily was so excited! She went shopping for her dress finding the perfect one. Emily called her best friend Susie. It turned out they both bought the same exact dress!	 query:event: Emily is upset ends after It be time for the Senior Prom  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  The guy who saved my car had acted quickly. We decided to fish together and pool our knowledge. The fish like to hang out in a weedy area of the lake. He used one side and I got the other. "Between use, we caught 40 bluegill."	 query:event: After he saved my car, we became friends. ends before we decided to fish together  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  The guy who saved my car had acted quickly. We decided to fish together and pool our knowledge. The fish like to hang out in a weedy area of the lake. He used one side and I got the other. "Between use, we caught 40 bluegill."	 query:event: After he saved my car, we became friends. ends after we decided to fish together  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Erica was doing the dishes. She slipped on a wet spot on the ground. She broke a plate that she was holding in her hand. She cleaned up the mess of broken ceramic. "Afterwards, she mopped up the wet spot."	 query:event: Erica decided to clean the floor ends before she mopped up the wet spot  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tom was in the local park one afternoon. He saw a rather disobedient dog in the distance. The dog's owner through a frisbee in Tom's direction. "Unfortunately, the dog decided to pounce on Tom instead." The dog's owner didn't even apologize.	 query:event: Tom demanded an apology from the dog owner ends after the dog's owner did not apologize  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tom was in the local park one afternoon. He saw a rather disobedient dog in the distance. The dog's owner through a frisbee in Tom's direction. "Unfortunately, the dog decided to pounce on Tom instead." The dog's owner didn't even apologize.	 query:event: Tom demanded an apology from the dog owner ends before the dog's owner did not apologize  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Daisy decided that she wanted to make some cookies. She began placing the ingredients onto the kitchen counter. Daisy began mixing milk and sugar into a bowl. She opened up the egg carton and realized she didn't have enough eggs. "Annoyed, she put everything away and left the kitchen."	 query:event: Daisy didn't do the dishes ends before putting the ingredients away  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  This extra innings baseball game made us all tired. Zack, our worn out pitcher, weakly threw the ball. The batter swung hard and crushed the ball. The ball flew way over my head at second base. In the outfield, Landon dove to the grass and made an amazing catch.	 query:event: Landon ran to catch the ball ends after  Landon dove to the grass and made an amazing catch.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I got new glasses in the spring of 2015. We went to a graduation ceremony in June. I was cleaning my glasses when the lens popped out. I was able to pop it back in. I brought the glasses back and complained to the optician.	 query:event: the glasses broke at the ceremony ends after the lens popped back out  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I got new glasses in the spring of 2015. We went to a graduation ceremony in June. I was cleaning my glasses when the lens popped out. I was able to pop it back in. I brought the glasses back and complained to the optician.	 query:event: the glasses broke at the ceremony ends before the lens popped back out  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Zoltan was a very rich man. He had all the tools to control people. One day a peasant worker was waiting for Lord Zoltan. Zoltan decided not to give the peasant any work. The peasant starved to death.	 query:event: The peasant was hoping to get work from Lord Zoltan ends before Zoltan decided not to give the peasant any work  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Trisha was a manager of local diner. It was a slow night. The diner hadn't been making any money. Trisha didn't want the diner to lose any more money. Trisha closed the diner an hour early.	 query:event: Trisha told her staff to leave early ends after Trish closed the diner an hour early  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Carol could barely keep her eyes open after arriving at work. "She tried to do her job, but she couldn't focus on anything." Her partner gave her a cup of coffee to help wake her up. She drank it down with increasing vigor as the caffeine did its job. She attacked her daily work with renewed vigor.	 query:event: Carol was nervous that she might get fired ends after the caffein did its job  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Carol could barely keep her eyes open after arriving at work. "She tried to do her job, but she couldn't focus on anything." Her partner gave her a cup of coffee to help wake her up. She drank it down with increasing vigor as the caffeine did its job. She attacked her daily work with renewed vigor.	 query:event: Carol was nervous that she might get fired ends before the caffein did its job  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jennifer decided to grill some corn one day. She went outside and preheated her grill. She peeled back the corn husks and removed silk. She then wrapped each ear of corn in aluminum foil. She placed them on the grill.	 query:event: Jennifer learns how to use a grill ends before She preheat her grill  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jennifer decided to grill some corn one day. She went outside and preheated her grill. She peeled back the corn husks and removed silk. She then wrapped each ear of corn in aluminum foil. She placed them on the grill.	 query:event: Jennifer learns how to use a grill ends after She preheat her grill  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Kay was attending a self empowerment seminar. She was excited as the first presenter was her favorite author. "She sat through the opening session, rapt with attention." "By the end of the day, her head was full of great ideas." She went back to her hotel room to rest for the next day's conference.	 query:event: Kay was looking forward to the seminar ends before Kay attend a self empowerment seminar  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Kay was attending a self empowerment seminar. She was excited as the first presenter was her favorite author. "She sat through the opening session, rapt with attention." "By the end of the day, her head was full of great ideas." She went back to her hotel room to rest for the next day's conference.	 query:event: Kay was looking forward to the seminar ends after Kay attend a self empowerment seminar  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Eric went to a yoga class. He had never been. He realized then he was not very flexible. "After the class, people were laughing at him." He did better his second time.	 query:event: Eric went to a second yoga class. ends before He do better  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Eric went to a yoga class. He had never been. He realized then he was not very flexible. "After the class, people were laughing at him." He did better his second time.	 query:event: Eric went to a second yoga class. ends after He do better  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Cathy works in a Starbucks. Last week, she had an unruly customer. The customer kept demanding a drink that didn't exist. Eventually, Cathy just gave her a latte. The customer did not know the difference.	 query:event: Cathy made a latte. ends before Cathy gave the customer a latte  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Cathy works in a Starbucks. Last week, she had an unruly customer. The customer kept demanding a drink that didn't exist. Eventually, Cathy just gave her a latte. The customer did not know the difference.	 query:event: Cathy made a latte. ends after Cathy gave the customer a latte  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  "Haley was eating a bologna sandwich, worrying about the holidays." "She wondered what she was going to do for gifts, having no money." The postman dropped off a Christmas card from her parents. The card had a gift card in it. Haley decided to use the money to buy gifts for her family.	 query:event: Haley's parents bought a gift card ends before Haley decide to use the money to buy gifts for her family  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Kay was attending a self empowerment seminar. She was excited as the first presenter was her favorite author. "She sat through the opening session, rapt with attention." "By the end of the day, her head was full of great ideas." She went back to her hotel room to rest for the next day's conference.	 query:event: Kay had a long day. ends after she goes back to her hotel room  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Kay was attending a self empowerment seminar. She was excited as the first presenter was her favorite author. "She sat through the opening session, rapt with attention." "By the end of the day, her head was full of great ideas." She went back to her hotel room to rest for the next day's conference.	 query:event: Kay had a long day. ends before she goes back to her hotel room  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  The scouts gathered around the hot fire. The scoutmaster had five initiates lined up ready to walk. He prepped their feet and they started to walk across the coals. As the last initiate successfully made it across, the scouts cheered. The s'mores and marshmallows were brought out to celebrate.	 query:event: The initiates are afraid of getting burned. ends after the scouts cheer  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tom has a big presentation at work tomorrow. He has not prepared for the presentation. He works all night long to present something for tomorrow. He spilled coffee on the USB stick containing his presentation. "He gets to work and wings his presentation, everyone loves it."	 query:event: Tom is nervous about presentation ends after everyone likes presentation  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tom has a big presentation at work tomorrow. He has not prepared for the presentation. He works all night long to present something for tomorrow. He spilled coffee on the USB stick containing his presentation. "He gets to work and wings his presentation, everyone loves it."	 query:event: Tom is nervous about presentation ends before everyone likes presentation  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Maddie was excited to see the new Harry Potter movie. The line was out the door and it was exciting. Maddie luckily was able to get a seat. The movie was long but it was worth it. When the movie was over, it was great.	 query:event: Maddie got in line ends after The movie be long  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Maddie was excited to see the new Harry Potter movie. The line was out the door and it was exciting. Maddie luckily was able to get a seat. The movie was long but it was worth it. When the movie was over, it was great.	 query:event: Maddie got in line ends before The movie be long  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  "One day, Ernie went on a walk in the park." Ernie walked by the tennis courts and saw two beautiful women playing. "He had never played tennis before, but he decided to learn." "The next day he went to the park, and the ladies were there again." "They invited him to join them, and eventually one became his wife."	 query:event: Ernie stopped to watch the women playing ends after he decided to learn to play tennis  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  "One day, Ernie went on a walk in the park." Ernie walked by the tennis courts and saw two beautiful women playing. "He had never played tennis before, but he decided to learn." "The next day he went to the park, and the ladies were there again." "They invited him to join them, and eventually one became his wife."	 query:event: Ernie stopped to watch the women playing ends before he decided to learn to play tennis  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I sent my friend a thank you gift. "A few weeks later, she posted a picture on facebook." It was a picture of a lasane in the pan I had sent her. It said Leah's Kickasserole on the side. She posted how much she loved the dish.	 query:event: My friend took a picture of her lasagne ends before It be a picture of a lasane in the pan I had sent her  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I sent my friend a thank you gift. "A few weeks later, she posted a picture on facebook." It was a picture of a lasane in the pan I had sent her. It said Leah's Kickasserole on the side. She posted how much she loved the dish.	 query:event: My friend took a picture of her lasagne ends after It be a picture of a lasane in the pan I had sent her  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I never sit in a chair normally. I sat down a minute ago and pulled my feet up. I balanced one foot underneath me. Then I put my knee up by my chest. I sat there resembling a monkey while I worked.	 query:event: I wasn't wearing a skirt ends after I sit  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I never sit in a chair normally. I sat down a minute ago and pulled my feet up. I balanced one foot underneath me. Then I put my knee up by my chest. I sat there resembling a monkey while I worked.	 query:event: I wasn't wearing a skirt ends before I sit  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Gina arrived early for her interview and waited near the door. A man came to the door and looked at her. She smiled and joked with him before opening the door. He introduced himself as the restaurant manager. Gina was worried the joking may have hurt her chances.	 query:event: Gina wanted to seem punctual. ends before A man come to the door  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Gina arrived early for her interview and waited near the door. A man came to the door and looked at her. She smiled and joked with him before opening the door. He introduced himself as the restaurant manager. Gina was worried the joking may have hurt her chances.	 query:event: Gina wanted to seem punctual. ends after A man come to the door  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Luke got detention at school last week. He has to stay after school for an hour every day. Apparently he got into a fight with another kid. The other kid got detention too. They both learned that fighting just makes things worse.	 query:event: The parents were called into the office ends before The other kid get detention too  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Luke got detention at school last week. He has to stay after school for an hour every day. Apparently he got into a fight with another kid. The other kid got detention too. They both learned that fighting just makes things worse.	 query:event: The parents were called into the office ends after The other kid get detention too  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  This morning I woke up really happy. I had a pleasant dream I thought was real life. I enjoyed my entire morning. It wasn't until I went to my car that I noticed. I wasn't about to drive a spaceship.	 query:event: The speaker gets in the car ends after I be n't about to drive a spaceship  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jenna collapsed on her bed in tears. Ben asked her to Spring Party, but she had no money for a dress. Just then her roommate, Marissa, entered, smiling. To her surprise, Marissa smiled and held out a beautiful dress. The dress fit perfectly and Jenna was able to go the party after all!	 query:event: Ben wanted to go to the dance with Jenna ends before Jenna collapse on her bed in tears  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jenna collapsed on her bed in tears. Ben asked her to Spring Party, but she had no money for a dress. Just then her roommate, Marissa, entered, smiling. To her surprise, Marissa smiled and held out a beautiful dress. The dress fit perfectly and Jenna was able to go the party after all!	 query:event: Ben wanted to go to the dance with Jenna ends after Jenna collapse on her bed in tears  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I went down to the apartment's clubhouse to play pool with my pals. They were all much better than I was. I realized that I had to work hard to get to be as good as them. So I spent the next couple of weeks playing with them a bunch. "Now, we are all equally as good as one another!"	 query:event: My pals scored better than I did ends before I realized I had to work hard to get to be as good as them  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I went down to the apartment's clubhouse to play pool with my pals. They were all much better than I was. I realized that I had to work hard to get to be as good as them. So I spent the next couple of weeks playing with them a bunch. "Now, we are all equally as good as one another!"	 query:event: My pals scored better than I did ends after I realized I had to work hard to get to be as good as them  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Mary bought a ticket to see the new Star Wars movie. She was so excited she peed her pants! "By the time she changed, it was too late to see the opening." Mary was able to catch the next show. She thought it was everything it was hyped to be.	 query:event: Mary cleaned herself. ends before she changed  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Mary bought a ticket to see the new Star Wars movie. She was so excited she peed her pants! "By the time she changed, it was too late to see the opening." Mary was able to catch the next show. She thought it was everything it was hyped to be.	 query:event: Mary cleaned herself. ends after she changed  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Chuck was hanging out with some friends at a bar. They mentioned that they were moving soon. Chuck offered to help them move their things. The team worked together and got the move done quickly. They were so grateful that they invited him to stay for dinner.	 query:event: Chuck invited his friends to the bar ends after The team get the move done quickly  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I was sitting in class falling asleep. "Suddenly, the teacher asked me a question." I sat there speechless. I randomly told the teacher that two was the answer. "Surprisingly, I was completely right."	 query:event: I walked to class ends before I sit in class falling asleep  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I was sitting in class falling asleep. "Suddenly, the teacher asked me a question." I sat there speechless. I randomly told the teacher that two was the answer. "Surprisingly, I was completely right."	 query:event: I walked to class ends after I sit in class falling asleep  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jenny was crouched behind the fence. She had hand-packed thirty snowballs. Her brother came around the corner. Jenny stood to throw her snowballs. Five armed boys showered her with snowballs.	 query:event: Five boys held snowballs ends before Jenny stand to throw her snowballs  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Danny strapped on his skates. The neighbor told him not to skate near his car. Danny ignored the man. Danny skated right into the man's car. Danny bounced off the car.	 query:event: Danny has a neighbor. ends after Danny ignore the man  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Aiden went to a glassblowing workshop for a field trip. He wasn't very interested in the trip. One of the craftsman picked him to craft glass. Aiden had a surprisingly good time crafting his trinket. He helps around the glass workshop on his spare time.	 query:event: With his help, Aiden created a beautiful piece. ends before Aiden had a surprisingly good time  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Aiden went to a glassblowing workshop for a field trip. He wasn't very interested in the trip. One of the craftsman picked him to craft glass. Aiden had a surprisingly good time crafting his trinket. He helps around the glass workshop on his spare time.	 query:event: With his help, Aiden created a beautiful piece. ends after Aiden had a surprisingly good time  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Hocus Pocus found the dusty Diary. Inside were a string of numbers. He thought they were lottery numbers. He bet on them. They were milk production weights for a cow.	 query:event: He thought he had a good chance of winning the lottery. ends after the numbers were milk production weights for a cow  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Hocus Pocus found the dusty Diary. Inside were a string of numbers. He thought they were lottery numbers. He bet on them. They were milk production weights for a cow.	 query:event: He thought he had a good chance of winning the lottery. ends before the numbers were milk production weights for a cow  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Emily is an avid runner. She always runs near a wooded area. "One day, she ran further than usual." "On her way back, she ran near the trees in complete darkness." Something jumped out of the woods and Emily was never seen again.	 query:event: Emily was killed ends before she was never seen again  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Griffin needed to write a book report for school. He went to the library to find a book. He found an interesting book about Abraham Lincoln. "Griffin started to read the book, but fell asleep." "When he woke, Griffin decided to pick a different topic."	 query:event: he arrived at the library ends after Griffin need to write a book report for school  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  On Megan's ninth birthday, her mom surprised her. She told Megan there would still be vegetables to eat! Megan hated vegetables and she was very unhappy. But then her mom pulled out a carrot cake and Rice Krispies! Megan was more than happy to eat her "vegetables" that night!	 query:event: Megan ate dinner. ends before her mom pulled out the carrot cake.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  On Megan's ninth birthday, her mom surprised her. She told Megan there would still be vegetables to eat! Megan hated vegetables and she was very unhappy. But then her mom pulled out a carrot cake and Rice Krispies! Megan was more than happy to eat her "vegetables" that night!	 query:event: Megan ate dinner. ends after her mom pulled out the carrot cake.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Martin realizes that he needs to get more exercise. He decides to have a walk around the block before he goes to bed. That night he sleeps more deeply than normal. He decides to take a walk every night before going to bed. Martin is very happy he is getting more exercise.	 query:event: Martin enjoyed his walk. ends before he sleep more deeply than normal  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Nancy was driving with her instructor. They went on the highway and came off of the exit. The instructor forced Nancy to accelerate. Since she was nervous, she accelerated too fast. They ended up crashing into another car.	 query:event: Nancy pressed down on the accelorator  ends after They ended up crashing into another car.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Nancy was driving with her instructor. They went on the highway and came off of the exit. The instructor forced Nancy to accelerate. Since she was nervous, she accelerated too fast. They ended up crashing into another car.	 query:event: Nancy pressed down on the accelorator  ends before They ended up crashing into another car.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Michael was playing ball with his friends. His friend tossed the ball to him. Instead, it landed up on the roof. Michael decided to climb up to get it. Luckily, he was able to find it.	 query:event: A neighbor shouted at Michael to get down ends after climbed up the roof to get it.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Michael was playing ball with his friends. His friend tossed the ball to him. Instead, it landed up on the roof. Michael decided to climb up to get it. Luckily, he was able to find it.	 query:event: A neighbor shouted at Michael to get down ends before climbed up the roof to get it.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tina was taking a science test. She was not prepared. She hardly studied. She kept it blank. She ended up failing.	 query:event: Tina turned in her science test. ends before she ended up failing  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tina was taking a science test. She was not prepared. She hardly studied. She kept it blank. She ended up failing.	 query:event: Tina turned in her science test. ends after she ended up failing  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tom needed a new pair of socks. He was a very frugal man. He decided to order socks online. He found a great deal for a large quantity of socks. He bought one hundred pairs of socks in one day.	 query:event: Tom was very happy to find the deal. ends before he bought 100 pairs of socks  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tom needed a new pair of socks. He was a very frugal man. He decided to order socks online. He found a great deal for a large quantity of socks. He bought one hundred pairs of socks in one day.	 query:event: Tom was very happy to find the deal. ends after he bought 100 pairs of socks  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Joe had to deliver one-hundred guns to the rebels in Carson. He filled up his wagon with them and covered them with a blanket. He didn't expect to be searched, so he didn't bother hiding them. When he saw the border guards, he almost ran for it. Somehow he kept his cool and made it across.	 query:event: Joe hand counted all of the guns. ends before He fill his wagon with them  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Joe had to deliver one-hundred guns to the rebels in Carson. He filled up his wagon with them and covered them with a blanket. He didn't expect to be searched, so he didn't bother hiding them. When he saw the border guards, he almost ran for it. Somehow he kept his cool and made it across.	 query:event: Joe hand counted all of the guns. ends after He fill his wagon with them  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I was so nervous for my first day of school. "When I arrived at my first class, I was shaking." I sat next the prettiest girl in class. We talked the whole time during and after class. "We became best friends, and she made college so much easier!"	 query:event: The teacher stood at the front of the class ends before We became best friends, and she made college so much easier  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I was so nervous for my first day of school. "When I arrived at my first class, I was shaking." I sat next the prettiest girl in class. We talked the whole time during and after class. "We became best friends, and she made college so much easier!"	 query:event: The teacher stood at the front of the class ends after We became best friends, and she made college so much easier  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tim always wanted a fast car like his friends. The problem was that he had one of the slowest card in town. He decided to get a part time job for some extra money. He finally raised enough money for a new car. He now races his fast car with those of his friends.	 query:event: Tim saved his money from his job ends before he raised enough money  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tim always wanted a fast car like his friends. The problem was that he had one of the slowest card in town. He decided to get a part time job for some extra money. He finally raised enough money for a new car. He now races his fast car with those of his friends.	 query:event: Tim saved his money from his job ends after he raised enough money  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Kathy didn't like Sue. Kathy started rumours about Sue. Sue found out Kathy was talking about her. Sue and Kathy got in an argument. Sue never talked to Kathy again.	 query:event: Sue talked to someone who knew what Kathy had said. ends before do  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Kathy didn't like Sue. Kathy started rumours about Sue. Sue found out Kathy was talking about her. Sue and Kathy got in an argument. Sue never talked to Kathy again.	 query:event: Sue talked to someone who knew what Kathy had said. ends after do  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Chess was not a game the Becks liked to play. They were a family that loved games, all but chess. One time they were at a chess match with other families. And they lost horribly in front of many people. They don't play games anymore.	 query:event: Becky's family played chess against other families ends after they lost horribly in front of many people.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Chess was not a game the Becks liked to play. They were a family that loved games, all but chess. One time they were at a chess match with other families. And they lost horribly in front of many people. They don't play games anymore.	 query:event: Becky's family played chess against other families ends before they lost horribly in front of many people.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Griffin needed to write a book report for school. He went to the library to find a book. He found an interesting book about Abraham Lincoln. "Griffin started to read the book, but fell asleep." "When he woke, Griffin decided to pick a different topic."	 query:event: Griffin goes to school ends before He find an interesting book about Abraham Lincoln  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Griffin needed to write a book report for school. He went to the library to find a book. He found an interesting book about Abraham Lincoln. "Griffin started to read the book, but fell asleep." "When he woke, Griffin decided to pick a different topic."	 query:event: Griffin goes to school ends after He find an interesting book about Abraham Lincoln  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Dana's grandfather was bringing her to school. He had an old loud truck. Dana was embarrassed of the truck. She told her grandfather to park a block down the road. Dana walked the rest of the way to school.	 query:event: Dana enrolled in school ends before She tell her grandfather to park a block down the road  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Dana's grandfather was bringing her to school. He had an old loud truck. Dana was embarrassed of the truck. She told her grandfather to park a block down the road. Dana walked the rest of the way to school.	 query:event: Dana enrolled in school ends after She tell her grandfather to park a block down the road  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I was on my way to work. I got stopped by a train. I waited for a while. The train finally passed. I got to work late.	 query:event: The railroad crossing arms were down. ends after the train finally passed  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Mary loves to buy ice cream from the Ice Cream Truck. One day Mary bought a snow cone from the truck. She was enjoying her snow cone. Unfortunately Mary accidentally dropped her cone. The driver of the Ice cream Truck was nice and gave Mary another one.	 query:event: The driver of the ice cream truck felt sorry for Mary. ends after they gave Mary another ice cream cone  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Mary loves to buy ice cream from the Ice Cream Truck. One day Mary bought a snow cone from the truck. She was enjoying her snow cone. Unfortunately Mary accidentally dropped her cone. The driver of the Ice cream Truck was nice and gave Mary another one.	 query:event: The driver of the ice cream truck felt sorry for Mary. ends before they gave Mary another ice cream cone  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Martha bought groceries and proceeded to go home. When she carried in her groceries she saw the bag leaking. The carton of eggs were squished. Martha went back to the grocery store. She was able to get another carton of eggs for free.	 query:event: Martha ran out of eggs ends after she got a new carton of eggs  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Martha bought groceries and proceeded to go home. When she carried in her groceries she saw the bag leaking. The carton of eggs were squished. Martha went back to the grocery store. She was able to get another carton of eggs for free.	 query:event: Martha ran out of eggs ends before she got a new carton of eggs  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Lexie was so excited for Halloween. She dressed up as a pony. She went to lots of houses to get candy. Lexi got scared by a boy in a scary mask. She never wants to participate in Halloween again.	 query:event: Lexi avoided the holiday ends before She go to lots of houses to get candy  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Lexie was so excited for Halloween. She dressed up as a pony. She went to lots of houses to get candy. Lexi got scared by a boy in a scary mask. She never wants to participate in Halloween again.	 query:event: Lexi avoided the holiday ends after She go to lots of houses to get candy  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Todd has been in the hospital for many days. The doctors say there is sign of recovery. His family is planning for the worst. Later in the week Todd's doctor said he was pulling the plug. Todd was pronounced at at 6 pm today.	 query:event: Todd's situation is not optimistic. ends after his family is planning for the worst.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Todd has been in the hospital for many days. The doctors say there is sign of recovery. His family is planning for the worst. Later in the week Todd's doctor said he was pulling the plug. Todd was pronounced at at 6 pm today.	 query:event: Todd's situation is not optimistic. ends before his family is planning for the worst.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Maggie was a pregnant lady. One morning she was trying to brush her teeth. "No matter what she did, the toothbrush made her gag." The more she tried the more nausea she felt. She eventually gave up and just used mouthwash.	 query:event: Maggie stopped brushing her teeth ends after She just use mouthwash  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Maggie was a pregnant lady. One morning she was trying to brush her teeth. "No matter what she did, the toothbrush made her gag." The more she tried the more nausea she felt. She eventually gave up and just used mouthwash.	 query:event: Maggie stopped brushing her teeth ends before She just use mouthwash  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tabitha was riding the bus while nine months pregnant. No one noticed as she was hit with nausea. She knew she was going to throw up and had nowhere to do it. "Out of confusion, she went ahead and did it in her purse." She was so embarrassed and her bag was ruined but she didn't mind.	 query:event: Tabitha felt panicked  ends before she did it in her purse  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I was on my way to work. I got stopped by a train. I waited for a while. The train finally passed. I got to work late.	 query:event: The railroad crossing arms were down. ends before I got to work late  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I was on my way to work. I got stopped by a train. I waited for a while. The train finally passed. I got to work late.	 query:event: The railroad crossing arms were down. ends after I got to work late  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I was riding my bike to my friends house. "Suddenly, I felt a pop and my bike stopped working." I took the bike home and checked out the problem. I went to the store and bought the tube to fix the tire. I went home and fixed my bike and went for a ride.	 query:event: I was worried that I had a flat tire ends after I checked out the problem  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I was riding my bike to my friends house. "Suddenly, I felt a pop and my bike stopped working." I took the bike home and checked out the problem. I went to the store and bought the tube to fix the tire. I went home and fixed my bike and went for a ride.	 query:event: I was worried that I had a flat tire ends before I checked out the problem  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Halie adopted a foster cat. "The cat was disturbed, having been abused in her previous homes." Halie put her full effort into retraining her. The cat would not stop scratching and biting people. Halie had to put the cat down.	 query:event: Halie had to decide what to do with the cat ends before Halie had to put the cat down  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Halie adopted a foster cat. "The cat was disturbed, having been abused in her previous homes." Halie put her full effort into retraining her. The cat would not stop scratching and biting people. Halie had to put the cat down.	 query:event: Halie had to decide what to do with the cat ends after Halie had to put the cat down  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tim was twelve and seeing his first action movie in the theater. At first he was afraid. It really looked like the bad guy was going to win! "Then, at the last minute, the good guy won their fight." Tim cheered with relief!	 query:event: Tim bought himself popcorn ends before he be afraid  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tim was twelve and seeing his first action movie in the theater. At first he was afraid. It really looked like the bad guy was going to win! "Then, at the last minute, the good guy won their fight." Tim cheered with relief!	 query:event: Tim bought himself popcorn ends after he be afraid  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Why did all these foreigners thing that Jess did not know anything? She was from the states and traveling in Germany. The company Jess was in asked her where Malaysia was. Jess could only guess what continent it might be in. Jess guessed wrong and felt barlish in front of the group.	 query:event: Jess took a flight to Germany. ends after she was traveling in Germany.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Why did all these foreigners thing that Jess did not know anything? She was from the states and traveling in Germany. The company Jess was in asked her where Malaysia was. Jess could only guess what continent it might be in. Jess guessed wrong and felt barlish in front of the group.	 query:event: Jess took a flight to Germany. ends before she was traveling in Germany.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Thomas was up for an award. He thought he was a shoe in and everyone else did too. " When the name was called for the award though, it wasn't his." Thomas felt sad but he didn't give up. Next year Thomas worked even harder and won the award.	 query:event: Thomas waited for the results ends after when the name was called, it wasn't his  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Thomas was up for an award. He thought he was a shoe in and everyone else did too. " When the name was called for the award though, it wasn't his." Thomas felt sad but he didn't give up. Next year Thomas worked even harder and won the award.	 query:event: Thomas waited for the results ends before when the name was called, it wasn't his  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Nicole was watching a movie on her iPad. She heard a noise in the other end of the house. "She got up to check, and fell." "After picking up the iPad, Nicole realized the screen was cracked." She decided to take it to the store and see if it could be fixed.	 query:event: Nicole dropped her iPad as she fell ends before picking up the iPad  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Nicole was watching a movie on her iPad. She heard a noise in the other end of the house. "She got up to check, and fell." "After picking up the iPad, Nicole realized the screen was cracked." She decided to take it to the store and see if it could be fixed.	 query:event: Nicole dropped her iPad as she fell ends after picking up the iPad  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  When I picked up my phone I saw something. My phone was cracked. I got upset. But then I realized something. Only my screen protector got cracked.	 query:event: One day, I dropped my phone in a parking lot! ends before I picked up my phone  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Everyone got together. They were celebrating Chris's 13th birthday. "However, some of his relatives were arguing about money." One ended up being punched. Chris's father had to kick them out of the house.	 query:event: Chris lived in a house. ends after Chris 's father kick them out of the house  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Everyone got together. They were celebrating Chris's 13th birthday. "However, some of his relatives were arguing about money." One ended up being punched. Chris's father had to kick them out of the house.	 query:event: Chris lived in a house. ends before Chris 's father kick them out of the house  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Sarah's computer keyboard was old and dusty. But it still worked. So she didn't need to buy a new one. "One day, she became sick." So she bought a new keyboard out of fear.	 query:event: Sarah decided that the age and dust weren't a big deal. ends before she decided she didn't need a new one  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Sarah's computer keyboard was old and dusty. But it still worked. So she didn't need to buy a new one. "One day, she became sick." So she bought a new keyboard out of fear.	 query:event: Sarah decided that the age and dust weren't a big deal. ends after she decided she didn't need a new one  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jackson was at the lake with his family. He was having a water balloon fight with his little brother. He noticed his brother was distracted. "Then, he threw the balloon right at his face." "His brother began to cry, and Jackson got into trouble."	 query:event: Jackson filled a baloon with water ends before He have a water balloon fight with his little brother  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jackson was at the lake with his family. He was having a water balloon fight with his little brother. He noticed his brother was distracted. "Then, he threw the balloon right at his face." "His brother began to cry, and Jackson got into trouble."	 query:event: Jackson filled a baloon with water ends after He have a water balloon fight with his little brother  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jeremy had never tried Mexican food. One day his friends took him to an authentic Mexican restaurant. Jeremy decided to try the cheese enchiladas with rice and beans. He thought his meal was delicious. Jeremy went back several times afterward to try other entrees.	 query:event: Jeremy sent his compliments to the chef. ends before he went back  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jeremy had never tried Mexican food. One day his friends took him to an authentic Mexican restaurant. Jeremy decided to try the cheese enchiladas with rice and beans. He thought his meal was delicious. Jeremy went back several times afterward to try other entrees.	 query:event: Jeremy sent his compliments to the chef. ends after he went back  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jack has a test in science. He has been studying all week. He still does not feel ready. Jack got to his test and failed. He begged his teacher for a retake and she said no.	 query:event: Jack failed the class ends after Jack begged his teacher for a retake  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jack has a test in science. He has been studying all week. He still does not feel ready. Jack got to his test and failed. He begged his teacher for a retake and she said no.	 query:event: Jack failed the class ends before Jack begged his teacher for a retake  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Norma was so tired. Nothing she did to try to stay awake for work was helping. The coffee did nothing to perk her up. Nor did the sweets she tried eating to stay awake. She fell asleep at her work anyway.	 query:event: Norma woke up  ends after Norma be so tired  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Norma was so tired. Nothing she did to try to stay awake for work was helping. The coffee did nothing to perk her up. Nor did the sweets she tried eating to stay awake. She fell asleep at her work anyway.	 query:event: Norma woke up  ends before Norma be so tired  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Bianca had dark brown hair. She wanted to make her hair a lighter color. She bought hair dye from the store. She dyed her hair a blonde color. Bianca's boyfriend complimented her new hair afterwards.	 query:event: Bianca removed the hair dye from its packaging. ends before Bianca's boyfriend complimented her new hair  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Evan was nine but sometimes still wet the bed. He was invited to a sleepover but afraid to attend. He did not want anyone to discover his secret! Then his mom bought him a pack of absorbent underwear to wear. Evan felt much more secure with the backup underwear on!	 query:event: Evan was scared about wetting the bed at the sleepover ends after his mom buy him a pack of absorbent underwear to wear  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Nia broke her leg. She had to get a cast put on it. She was awkward at first wearing it. But soon she grew used to it. "Before long, she could walk with ease!"	 query:event: It was difficult to walk in. ends before she could walk with ease  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Nia broke her leg. She had to get a cast put on it. She was awkward at first wearing it. But soon she grew used to it. "Before long, she could walk with ease!"	 query:event: It was difficult to walk in. ends after she could walk with ease  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Ellie lived on a potato farm. One year she decided to farm lettuce too. The potatoes grew very well. The lettuce did not grow at all. Ellie decided to stick to potato farming in the future.	 query:event: Ellie planted potatoes where the lettuce had been ends after The lettuce not grow at all  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Ellie lived on a potato farm. One year she decided to farm lettuce too. The potatoes grew very well. The lettuce did not grow at all. Ellie decided to stick to potato farming in the future.	 query:event: Ellie planted potatoes where the lettuce had been ends before The lettuce not grow at all  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Dave was a scientist. Dave wanted to make a great scientific discovery. Dave worked with algae to make electricity. Dave discovered he could make electricity with algae! Dave was awarded for his great discovery.	 query:event: Dave got a science degree. ends before Dave work with algae to make electricity  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Dave was a scientist. Dave wanted to make a great scientific discovery. Dave worked with algae to make electricity. Dave discovered he could make electricity with algae! Dave was awarded for his great discovery.	 query:event: Dave got a science degree. ends after Dave work with algae to make electricity  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Erica was doing the dishes. She slipped on a wet spot on the ground. She broke a plate that she was holding in her hand. She cleaned up the mess of broken ceramic. "Afterwards, she mopped up the wet spot."	 query:event: Erica cried out ends before she broke the plate  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Erica was doing the dishes. She slipped on a wet spot on the ground. She broke a plate that she was holding in her hand. She cleaned up the mess of broken ceramic. "Afterwards, she mopped up the wet spot."	 query:event: Erica cried out ends after she broke the plate  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Dan wanted to visit Norway. Dan arranged to take time from work for a trip to Norway. Dan and his wife flew to Norway that Summer. They had a fantastic time visiting Norway. "Now, Dan and his wife visit Norway every Summer, without fail."	 query:event: Dan talked to his boss ends after Dan want to visit Norway  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Dan wanted to visit Norway. Dan arranged to take time from work for a trip to Norway. Dan and his wife flew to Norway that Summer. They had a fantastic time visiting Norway. "Now, Dan and his wife visit Norway every Summer, without fail."	 query:event: Dan talked to his boss ends before Dan want to visit Norway  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I was sitting in class falling asleep. "Suddenly, the teacher asked me a question." I sat there speechless. I randomly told the teacher that two was the answer. "Surprisingly, I was completely right."	 query:event: The class was silent ends before I told the teacher that two was the answer  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I was sitting in class falling asleep. "Suddenly, the teacher asked me a question." I sat there speechless. I randomly told the teacher that two was the answer. "Surprisingly, I was completely right."	 query:event: The class was silent ends after I told the teacher that two was the answer  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jeremy had never tried Mexican food. One day his friends took him to an authentic Mexican restaurant. Jeremy decided to try the cheese enchiladas with rice and beans. He thought his meal was delicious. Jeremy went back several times afterward to try other entrees.	 query:event: Jeremy ordered dessert ends before he went back several times  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Peter wanted to be nice and kind to everyone he met. One day he met someone that he didn't like as much. Peter still wanted to be nice to him however. He struggled a little bit but finally was nice to him. Peter is now best friends with this person!	 query:event: Peter realized the person wasn't so bad ends before Peter is not best friends with this person  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Peter wanted to be nice and kind to everyone he met. One day he met someone that he didn't like as much. Peter still wanted to be nice to him however. He struggled a little bit but finally was nice to him. Peter is now best friends with this person!	 query:event: Peter realized the person wasn't so bad ends after Peter is not best friends with this person  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Gary was walking his dog on the sidewalk. The dog managed to break through the leash and ran away. It ran towards a crowded street with a traffic. A man hit the dog on the side while he was driving. "Since he only felt a small thud, he didn't bother to stop."	 query:event: Gary put a leash on his dog ends before Gary walked his dog on the sidewalk  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Gary was walking his dog on the sidewalk. The dog managed to break through the leash and ran away. It ran towards a crowded street with a traffic. A man hit the dog on the side while he was driving. "Since he only felt a small thud, he didn't bother to stop."	 query:event: Gary put a leash on his dog ends after Gary walked his dog on the sidewalk  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Hocus Pocus found the dusty Diary. Inside were a string of numbers. He thought they were lottery numbers. He bet on them. They were milk production weights for a cow.	 query:event: He thought he had a good chance of winning the lottery. ends before They be milk production weights for a cow  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Hocus Pocus found the dusty Diary. Inside were a string of numbers. He thought they were lottery numbers. He bet on them. They were milk production weights for a cow.	 query:event: He thought he had a good chance of winning the lottery. ends after They be milk production weights for a cow  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Jackson was at the lake with his family. He was having a water balloon fight with his little brother. He noticed his brother was distracted. "Then, he threw the balloon right at his face." "His brother began to cry, and Jackson got into trouble."	 query:event: Jackson filled a baloon with water ends before was having a water balloon fight with his little brother.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jackson was at the lake with his family. He was having a water balloon fight with his little brother. He noticed his brother was distracted. "Then, he threw the balloon right at his face." "His brother began to cry, and Jackson got into trouble."	 query:event: Jackson filled a baloon with water ends after was having a water balloon fight with his little brother.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tabitha was riding the bus while nine months pregnant. No one noticed as she was hit with nausea. She knew she was going to throw up and had nowhere to do it. "Out of confusion, she went ahead and did it in her purse." She was so embarrassed and her bag was ruined but she didn't mind.	 query:event: Tabitha is sexual active ends before No one notice  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tabitha was riding the bus while nine months pregnant. No one noticed as she was hit with nausea. She knew she was going to throw up and had nowhere to do it. "Out of confusion, she went ahead and did it in her purse." She was so embarrassed and her bag was ruined but she didn't mind.	 query:event: Tabitha is sexual active ends after No one notice  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Every year the town has a Christmas parade. "This year, I was invited to be the Grand Marshall." I have not been in a parade in Years. I picked out my outfit and had my hair done. It was so fun waving and seeing everyone.	 query:event: I went to a hair salon ends before the Christmas parade  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Every year the town has a Christmas parade. "This year, I was invited to be the Grand Marshall." I have not been in a parade in Years. I picked out my outfit and had my hair done. It was so fun waving and seeing everyone.	 query:event: I went to a hair salon ends after the Christmas parade  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Kathy didn't like Sue. Kathy started rumours about Sue. Sue found out Kathy was talking about her. Sue and Kathy got in an argument. Sue never talked to Kathy again.	 query:event: Sue and Kathy separate from their argument. ends before Sue never talk to Kathy  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Kathy didn't like Sue. Kathy started rumours about Sue. Sue found out Kathy was talking about her. Sue and Kathy got in an argument. Sue never talked to Kathy again.	 query:event: Sue and Kathy separate from their argument. ends after Sue never talk to Kathy  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Lucy and her friends loved getting her friends together for a party. Tonight they decided to have a pizza party. The girls got the ingredients together to make the pies. "When they were done, they put them in the oven." "After a half hour, the pizzas were golden brown."	 query:event: The party is taking place at one of the girls' house ends before The girls get the ingredients together to make the pies  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Lucy and her friends loved getting her friends together for a party. Tonight they decided to have a pizza party. The girls got the ingredients together to make the pies. "When they were done, they put them in the oven." "After a half hour, the pizzas were golden brown."	 query:event: The party is taking place at one of the girls' house ends after The girls get the ingredients together to make the pies  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Ellen's nephew was selling raffle tickets. Ellen decided to buy tickets. Someone from the fundraiser called Ellen. She had won a prize of five hundred dollars! Ellen drove to town to pick up her cash prize.	 query:event: Ellen wanted to help her nephew. ends before Ellen drive to town to pick up her cash prize  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Ellen's nephew was selling raffle tickets. Ellen decided to buy tickets. Someone from the fundraiser called Ellen. She had won a prize of five hundred dollars! Ellen drove to town to pick up her cash prize.	 query:event: Ellen wanted to help her nephew. ends after Ellen drive to town to pick up her cash prize  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Bob needed to keep some drawers closed. He found a sticky wrap online and ordered it. When it came Bob wasn't very confident it would work. He wrapped it to itself around his set of plastic drawers. Bob was happy to see the wrap worked exactly like it should.	 query:event: Bob opened the sticky wrap ends before he wrapped the sticky wrap to itself  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Bob needed to keep some drawers closed. He found a sticky wrap online and ordered it. When it came Bob wasn't very confident it would work. He wrapped it to itself around his set of plastic drawers. Bob was happy to see the wrap worked exactly like it should.	 query:event: Bob opened the sticky wrap ends after he wrapped the sticky wrap to itself  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Nola was slim and pretty. She wanted to be a model. She contacted an agency and showed them some photos. "But to her surprise, the agency did not sign her!" They told Nola she was too short to model.	 query:event: Nola takes some photos of herself modeling ends before showing the agency some photos  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Nola was slim and pretty. She wanted to be a model. She contacted an agency and showed them some photos. "But to her surprise, the agency did not sign her!" They told Nola she was too short to model.	 query:event: Nola takes some photos of herself modeling ends after showing the agency some photos  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Lexie was so excited for Halloween. She dressed up as a pony. She went to lots of houses to get candy. Lexi got scared by a boy in a scary mask. She never wants to participate in Halloween again.	 query:event: Lexi got a variety of candy on Halloween ends after she get scared by a boy  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Lexie was so excited for Halloween. She dressed up as a pony. She went to lots of houses to get candy. Lexi got scared by a boy in a scary mask. She never wants to participate in Halloween again.	 query:event: Lexi got a variety of candy on Halloween ends before she get scared by a boy  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tom was doing a report on Jewish culture. He decided to go to a local temple to find out more about it. He stayed for a sermon and talked to people there. Tom heard many rich experiences. He gave a copy of his report to everyone he interviewed.	 query:event: Tom listened to the sermon ends after he heard rich experiences  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tom was doing a report on Jewish culture. He decided to go to a local temple to find out more about it. He stayed for a sermon and talked to people there. Tom heard many rich experiences. He gave a copy of his report to everyone he interviewed.	 query:event: Tom listened to the sermon ends before he heard rich experiences  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  The scouts gathered around the hot fire. The scoutmaster had five initiates lined up ready to walk. He prepped their feet and they started to walk across the coals. As the last initiate successfully made it across, the scouts cheered. The s'mores and marshmallows were brought out to celebrate.	 query:event: The scoutmaster talked to the five initiates. ends after he prepped their feet and they started to walk across the coals.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  The scouts gathered around the hot fire. The scoutmaster had five initiates lined up ready to walk. He prepped their feet and they started to walk across the coals. As the last initiate successfully made it across, the scouts cheered. The s'mores and marshmallows were brought out to celebrate.	 query:event: The scoutmaster talked to the five initiates. ends before he prepped their feet and they started to walk across the coals.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Kim had to do a report on a mammal for her biology class. She decided to do her report on wombats. "After reading about wombats, she thought that they were hilarious." She included a lot of humor in her written report about wombats. Kim's teacher loved the humor in her report about wombats.	 query:event: Kim spent a lot of time doing the report about wombats. ends after she included a lot of humor in her written report about wombats.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Kim had to do a report on a mammal for her biology class. She decided to do her report on wombats. "After reading about wombats, she thought that they were hilarious." She included a lot of humor in her written report about wombats. Kim's teacher loved the humor in her report about wombats.	 query:event: Kim spent a lot of time doing the report about wombats. ends before she included a lot of humor in her written report about wombats.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Joey had always wanted a funky haircut. However he had been afraid of getting one. One day he had the courage to ask his barber for a mohawk. It looked great! All his friends at school told Joey they loved his new hair.	 query:event: Joey overcame his fears  ends after It look great  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Joey had always wanted a funky haircut. However he had been afraid of getting one. One day he had the courage to ask his barber for a mohawk. It looked great! All his friends at school told Joey they loved his new hair.	 query:event: Joey overcame his fears  ends before It look great  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Nia broke her leg. She had to get a cast put on it. She was awkward at first wearing it. But soon she grew used to it. "Before long, she could walk with ease!"	 query:event: It was very painful. ends before But she grow used to it  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Nia broke her leg. She had to get a cast put on it. She was awkward at first wearing it. But soon she grew used to it. "Before long, she could walk with ease!"	 query:event: It was very painful. ends after But she grow used to it  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Charles needed money and payday was a week away. He drove to a local clinic and applied to donate plasma. "After donating plasma, Charles felt weak." He passed out in the clinic. "When he woke up, nurses were in his face and he asked for his check."	 query:event: Charles was approved to donate plasma ends before he donated plasma  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  May owned a house and rented a room to a student name Charles. "Every year, in December, May took a flight to Japan." "This year, on her flight, her flight attendant looked familiar to her." May asked the flight attendant did they know each other? The flight attendant was Charles' mother!	 query:event: May packed some luggage. ends before May ask the flight attendant did they know each other  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tara's daughter Lea informed her that she needed candy. She learned that Lea's class was having a party. Tara made plans on going to the store for some. She wrote it down on a list so they wouldn't forget. "Later that afternoon, they were able to pick some up."	 query:event: Lea told Tara that her class was having a party. ends before Tara learned that Lea's class was having a party.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Tara's daughter Lea informed her that she needed candy. She learned that Lea's class was having a party. Tara made plans on going to the store for some. She wrote it down on a list so they wouldn't forget. "Later that afternoon, they were able to pick some up."	 query:event: Lea told Tara that her class was having a party. ends after Tara learned that Lea's class was having a party.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  It was time for the Senior Prom. Emily was so excited! She went shopping for her dress finding the perfect one. Emily called her best friend Susie. It turned out they both bought the same exact dress!	 query:event: Emily brought her phone shopping ends before She go shopping for her dress finding the perfect one  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  It was time for the Senior Prom. Emily was so excited! She went shopping for her dress finding the perfect one. Emily called her best friend Susie. It turned out they both bought the same exact dress!	 query:event: Emily brought her phone shopping ends after She go shopping for her dress finding the perfect one  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Amy has suffered from anxiety her whole life. This had prevented her from getting a job. She has a degree but hasn't used it. Today she has a stay at home job. "Today, Amy is happy."	 query:event: Amy earned a university degree ends before This prevent her from getting a job  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Amy has suffered from anxiety her whole life. This had prevented her from getting a job. She has a degree but hasn't used it. Today she has a stay at home job. "Today, Amy is happy."	 query:event: Amy earned a university degree ends after This prevent her from getting a job  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Cammie lost a $50 bill somewhere. "She was so upset, she almost cried." "Then, the next day, doing laundry, she found it!" "It was wet, wrinkled, and clean in the washer!" Cammie was elated!	 query:event: the $50 bill fell out of a pocket in the washer ends before Cammie found it  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Cammie lost a $50 bill somewhere. "She was so upset, she almost cried." "Then, the next day, doing laundry, she found it!" "It was wet, wrinkled, and clean in the washer!" Cammie was elated!	 query:event: the $50 bill fell out of a pocket in the washer ends after Cammie found it  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  On Megan's ninth birthday, her mom surprised her. She told Megan there would still be vegetables to eat! Megan hated vegetables and she was very unhappy. But then her mom pulled out a carrot cake and Rice Krispies! Megan was more than happy to eat her "vegetables" that night!	 query:event: Megan's mom cut her a slice of carrot cake.   ends after Megan was more than happy to eat her "vegetables"  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  On Megan's ninth birthday, her mom surprised her. She told Megan there would still be vegetables to eat! Megan hated vegetables and she was very unhappy. But then her mom pulled out a carrot cake and Rice Krispies! Megan was more than happy to eat her "vegetables" that night!	 query:event: Megan's mom cut her a slice of carrot cake.   ends before Megan was more than happy to eat her "vegetables"  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Frances was 78 years old and did very light workouts every day. She didn't sweat so she didn't think she had to drink a lot of water. "On July 4th, 2016 it was 100 degrees out and she went for a walk." During halfway through her walk she got dizzy and fainted. She woke up in the ER and the Doctors told her she was dehydrated.	 query:event: An ambulance took Frances to the hospital. ends before she woke up in the ER  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Frances was 78 years old and did very light workouts every day. She didn't sweat so she didn't think she had to drink a lot of water. "On July 4th, 2016 it was 100 degrees out and she went for a walk." During halfway through her walk she got dizzy and fainted. She woke up in the ER and the Doctors told her she was dehydrated.	 query:event: An ambulance took Frances to the hospital. ends after she woke up in the ER  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  The man choose to serve the leader. The leader led the man astray. The man stopped believing the leader. The man killed the leader. The man took the role of leader.	 query:event: The man admired the leader. ends before the leader led the man astray  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  My boss pulled me aside at work. I thought he was going to tell me Happy Birthday. Instead, he told me I wasn't needed today. I sulked home, not sure whether I was getting fired or not. When I arrived home, I walked into a surprise birthday party!	 query:event: My boss was told about my surprise birthday party. ends before I walked into my surprise birthday party  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  My boss pulled me aside at work. I thought he was going to tell me Happy Birthday. Instead, he told me I wasn't needed today. I sulked home, not sure whether I was getting fired or not. When I arrived home, I walked into a surprise birthday party!	 query:event: My boss was told about my surprise birthday party. ends after I walked into my surprise birthday party  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Laura wanted to adopt a kitten. She found one she really liked with black and gray spots. The owner decided not to adopt the kitten out. Laura went home feeling defeated. The owner called a day later to say she had changed her mind.	 query:event: Laura only wanted the one kitten she saw ends after the owner  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Laura wanted to adopt a kitten. She found one she really liked with black and gray spots. The owner decided not to adopt the kitten out. Laura went home feeling defeated. The owner called a day later to say she had changed her mind.	 query:event: Laura only wanted the one kitten she saw ends before the owner  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  It was the first morning of Kate's trip in Las Vegas. Kate wanted to go to a restaurant for breakfast. But her friends wanted to get room service. Kate was leery because she always heard room service was expensive. But she decided to go along with it just for the experience.	 query:event: Kate asked her friends where to go for breakfast ends before Kate be leery because she always heard room service was expensive  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  It was the first morning of Kate's trip in Las Vegas. Kate wanted to go to a restaurant for breakfast. But her friends wanted to get room service. Kate was leery because she always heard room service was expensive. But she decided to go along with it just for the experience.	 query:event: Kate asked her friends where to go for breakfast ends after Kate be leery because she always heard room service was expensive  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Mary baked her first pie. It didn't turn out as well as she thought it would. The crust was burned and the fruit inside wasn't that great. "However, she remembered that practice makes perfect and tried again." "Each pie after came out better, and she was happy she didn't give up."	 query:event: Mary burned the crust ends before she remembered that practice makes before  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Trisha was a manager of local diner. It was a slow night. The diner hadn't been making any money. Trisha didn't want the diner to lose any more money. Trisha closed the diner an hour early.	 query:event: Trisha hung the closed sign up  ends before trisha closed an hour early  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Trisha was a manager of local diner. It was a slow night. The diner hadn't been making any money. Trisha didn't want the diner to lose any more money. Trisha closed the diner an hour early.	 query:event: Trisha hung the closed sign up  ends after trisha closed an hour early  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Mary always bragged about how good she was at bowling. Mary's co-worker Steve challenged her to a bowling competition. Steve beat Mary four times in a row. Mary sat on the steps with a sad look on her face. How was she to know that Steve was a college bowling champion?	 query:event: Mary wasn't happy about the compeition ends after she sits on the steps with a sad look  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Mary always bragged about how good she was at bowling. Mary's co-worker Steve challenged her to a bowling competition. Steve beat Mary four times in a row. Mary sat on the steps with a sad look on her face. How was she to know that Steve was a college bowling champion?	 query:event: Mary wasn't happy about the compeition ends before she sits on the steps with a sad look  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Amy was in an important meeting at work. She sat at a conference table with her coworkers while her boss spoke. There was a pitcher of water in the middle of the table. Amy tried to get water but ended up knocking the pitcher over. The meeting was postponed as soaked coworkers helped clean the spill.	 query:event: Amy went to get a mop ends after Amy end knocking the pitcher over  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Jake loved his job. "However, he was always late." His boss warned him many times about his tardiness. Jake still did not change his ways. His boss finally had to fire him.	 query:event: Jake had a performance improvement plan  ends before his boss fired him  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I sent my friend a thank you gift. "A few weeks later, she posted a picture on facebook." It was a picture of a lasane in the pan I had sent her. It said Leah's Kickasserole on the side. She posted how much she loved the dish.	 query:event: My friend tasted her lasange ends before It be a picture of a lasane in the pan I had sent her  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I sent my friend a thank you gift. "A few weeks later, she posted a picture on facebook." It was a picture of a lasane in the pan I had sent her. It said Leah's Kickasserole on the side. She posted how much she loved the dish.	 query:event: My friend tasted her lasange ends after It be a picture of a lasane in the pan I had sent her  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Ed had tried to get to the top of the apple tree for weeks. He could only get so far, then he couldn't reach any higher. He finally started to think about a different approach. The next day, he tried climbing from the opposite side. He made it to the top at last!	 query:event: He was disappointed he couldn't climb to the top. ends before he made it to the top at last  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Ed had tried to get to the top of the apple tree for weeks. He could only get so far, then he couldn't reach any higher. He finally started to think about a different approach. The next day, he tried climbing from the opposite side. He made it to the top at last!	 query:event: He was disappointed he couldn't climb to the top. ends after he made it to the top at last  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Mary baked her first pie. It didn't turn out as well as she thought it would. The crust was burned and the fruit inside wasn't that great. "However, she remembered that practice makes perfect and tried again." "Each pie after came out better, and she was happy she didn't give up."	 query:event: Mary didn't give up ends after she was happy she didn't give up  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Mary baked her first pie. It didn't turn out as well as she thought it would. The crust was burned and the fruit inside wasn't that great. "However, she remembered that practice makes perfect and tried again." "Each pie after came out better, and she was happy she didn't give up."	 query:event: Mary didn't give up ends before she was happy she didn't give up  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Glenn bought his cats a feather toy. The cats seemed to love when Glenn played with them with the toy. "Eventually, though, they stole it and hid under the bed with it." "When Glenn finally retrieved the toy, the cats had torn it apart." He had to get them a new one the next day.	 query:event: The toy was destroyed beyond use  ends before He get them a new one  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Glenn bought his cats a feather toy. The cats seemed to love when Glenn played with them with the toy. "Eventually, though, they stole it and hid under the bed with it." "When Glenn finally retrieved the toy, the cats had torn it apart." He had to get them a new one the next day.	 query:event: The toy was destroyed beyond use  ends after He get them a new one  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Sam loved to eat all kinds of salty bards. Since he was a youth, he consumed heavy amounts of salt. As Sam grew older, he continued pouring salt on everything. One day, Sam got very sick, and fell with a huge headache. The coroner found that it was too much salt, but it was too late.	 query:event: Sam had lots of headaches. ends after Sam dies.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Sam loved to eat all kinds of salty bards. Since he was a youth, he consumed heavy amounts of salt. As Sam grew older, he continued pouring salt on everything. One day, Sam got very sick, and fell with a huge headache. The coroner found that it was too much salt, but it was too late.	 query:event: Sam had lots of headaches. ends before Sam dies.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Ellie lived on a potato farm. One year she decided to farm lettuce too. The potatoes grew very well. The lettuce did not grow at all. Ellie decided to stick to potato farming in the future.	 query:event: Ellie knew a lot about growing potatoes ends after The lettuce not grow at all  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Ellie lived on a potato farm. One year she decided to farm lettuce too. The potatoes grew very well. The lettuce did not grow at all. Ellie decided to stick to potato farming in the future.	 query:event: Ellie knew a lot about growing potatoes ends before The lettuce not grow at all  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Desire loved going to the zoo. She gets excited every time she sees the zebra exhibit. Desire rounded up some kids at the zoo. They all watched the special lion show. Desire went home happy and slept with her stuffed animal from the zoo.	 query:event: Kids went to the zoo. ends before She get excited  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Desire loved going to the zoo. She gets excited every time she sees the zebra exhibit. Desire rounded up some kids at the zoo. They all watched the special lion show. Desire went home happy and slept with her stuffed animal from the zoo.	 query:event: Kids went to the zoo. ends after She get excited  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Ed had tried to get to the top of the apple tree for weeks. He could only get so far, then he couldn't reach any higher. He finally started to think about a different approach. The next day, he tried climbing from the opposite side. He made it to the top at last!	 query:event: Ed wanted to climb to the top of the apple tree. ends after he try climbing from the opposite side  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Ed had tried to get to the top of the apple tree for weeks. He could only get so far, then he couldn't reach any higher. He finally started to think about a different approach. The next day, he tried climbing from the opposite side. He made it to the top at last!	 query:event: Ed wanted to climb to the top of the apple tree. ends before he try climbing from the opposite side  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Juan worked for a local landscaping company. One day he was trimming hedges in a flower bed. He did not see the coral snake in the flower bed. The coral snake bit Juan on his ankle. Juan could not work for several days because of the snake bite.	 query:event: Juan walked to the flower bed ends before He not see the coral snake in the flower bed  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Juan worked for a local landscaping company. One day he was trimming hedges in a flower bed. He did not see the coral snake in the flower bed. The coral snake bit Juan on his ankle. Juan could not work for several days because of the snake bite.	 query:event: Juan walked to the flower bed ends after He not see the coral snake in the flower bed  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Ron and Hermione reunited for the first time in a decade. Ron complimented Harmony on how fit she'd stayed. Harmony noted how dapper Ron looked. The old friends shared a quiet cup of tea. They sipped their drinks and watched the storm rage outside the cafe.	 query:event: Hermione felt a little proud. ends before the old friends shared a quiet cup of tea  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Ron and Hermione reunited for the first time in a decade. Ron complimented Harmony on how fit she'd stayed. Harmony noted how dapper Ron looked. The old friends shared a quiet cup of tea. They sipped their drinks and watched the storm rage outside the cafe.	 query:event: Hermione felt a little proud. ends after the old friends shared a quiet cup of tea  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Henry had several seconds to shoot the ball. He couldn't get through the double team so he ran through them. He got fouled by one of the opponents but ended up throwing the ball. The ball landed into the hoop. His team ran towards him to congratulate him.	 query:event: Henry was running very fast ends after he ran through them  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Kendall was heading over to the movie theater. He was very excited to see the new Star Wars movie. At the theater he found out he didn't have enough money. Someone behind him offered to purchase his ticket. Kendall was so happy that a stranger would be so kind.	 query:event: The new Star Wars movie premiered in the theater ends before At the theater he find he did n't have enough money  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Desire loved going to the zoo. She gets excited every time she sees the zebra exhibit. Desire rounded up some kids at the zoo. They all watched the special lion show. Desire went home happy and slept with her stuffed animal from the zoo.	 query:event: Desire got into bed ends before she slept with her stuffed animal  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Desire loved going to the zoo. She gets excited every time she sees the zebra exhibit. Desire rounded up some kids at the zoo. They all watched the special lion show. Desire went home happy and slept with her stuffed animal from the zoo.	 query:event: Desire got into bed ends after she slept with her stuffed animal  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Tom and his friends decided to go hiking. While hiking Tom tripped and fell down a cliff. He was injured so his friends called for help. Search and rescue came and saved Tom. After a two weeks in the hospital Tom recovered.	 query:event: Tom and his friends were in the mountains. ends after search and rescue came and saved Tom  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Milwaukee resident Wallace wanted to go swimming in the lake. "It was early September, and he donned his swim trunks." He drove to the lake and found parking. The water was already far too cold for him to swim. Wallace went home unsatisfied.	 query:event: Wallace wanted to swim in early September. ends after the water was too cold to swim in.  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Milwaukee resident Wallace wanted to go swimming in the lake. "It was early September, and he donned his swim trunks." He drove to the lake and found parking. The water was already far too cold for him to swim. Wallace went home unsatisfied.	 query:event: Wallace wanted to swim in early September. ends before the water was too cold to swim in.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Chelsea knew she did not want to be waitress the rest of her life. She went to college at night and worked during the day. "Two years later, she got her degree and the job she wanted." "After six months, she realized the corporate life was not for her." She is now a manager at the restaurant that she worked at before.	 query:event: Chelsea worked for a corporation ends before After six months, she realized the corporate life was not for her.  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Lindsey still had some shopping to complete two days before Christmas. She went to every shopping mall she could think of. The stores were so crowded it was hard to find good gifts. Lindsey decided to go to Walmart and try her luck there. She ended up finding all the gifts at Walmart and was very satisfied.	 query:event: Lindsey bought all the gifts she needed ends before She end finding all the gifts at Walmart  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Lindsey still had some shopping to complete two days before Christmas. She went to every shopping mall she could think of. The stores were so crowded it was hard to find good gifts. Lindsey decided to go to Walmart and try her luck there. She ended up finding all the gifts at Walmart and was very satisfied.	 query:event: Lindsey bought all the gifts she needed ends after She end finding all the gifts at Walmart  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Hannah decided to go for a walk. She was far away from home when it suddenly started raining. Hannah ran home as fast as she could. When she arrived home she was soaked and freezing. Hannah decided she would always check the weather from now on.	 query:event: Hannah was on the road ends after she arrived home  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Hannah decided to go for a walk. She was far away from home when it suddenly started raining. Hannah ran home as fast as she could. When she arrived home she was soaked and freezing. Hannah decided she would always check the weather from now on.	 query:event: Hannah was on the road ends before she arrived home  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  The man grew out his hair. He saw some gray hairs. He shaved his hair off. He bought some hair dye. He used hair dye the next time he grew out his hair.	 query:event: The man was dismayed to find that he had gray hairs ends after He use hair dye  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  The man grew out his hair. He saw some gray hairs. He shaved his hair off. He bought some hair dye. He used hair dye the next time he grew out his hair.	 query:event: The man was dismayed to find that he had gray hairs ends before He use hair dye  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  I went down to the apartment's clubhouse to play pool with my pals. They were all much better than I was. I realized that I had to work hard to get to be as good as them. So I spent the next couple of weeks playing with them a bunch. "Now, we are all equally as good as one another!"	 query:event: I lived in an apartment ends after So I spend the next couple of weeks playing with them a bunch  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  I went down to the apartment's clubhouse to play pool with my pals. They were all much better than I was. I realized that I had to work hard to get to be as good as them. So I spent the next couple of weeks playing with them a bunch. "Now, we are all equally as good as one another!"	 query:event: I lived in an apartment ends before So I spend the next couple of weeks playing with them a bunch  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Dean decided he was going to prank his principle. He took a carton of eggs from his fridge and headed out. He arrived at his principal's house a little after midnight. After throwing two eggs his principle came outside. He was forced to clean up the mess and serve detention for a month.	 query:event: Dean looked up his principal's address. ends after He take a carton of eggs from his fridge  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Dean decided he was going to prank his principle. He took a carton of eggs from his fridge and headed out. He arrived at his principal's house a little after midnight. After throwing two eggs his principle came outside. He was forced to clean up the mess and serve detention for a month.	 query:event: Dean looked up his principal's address. ends before He take a carton of eggs from his fridge  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  Matilda planted each seed of corn by hand. "She scuffed at the dirt with her shoe, when the last one was in." "Alone in the field, the harvest seemed so very far off." "After the corn had grown and it was time to reap it, she was sad." Turning the brown husks under and starting anew seemed so far off.	 query:event: Matilda stood and looked at the seeds she planted. ends before "Alone in the field, the harvest seemed so very far off."  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  My dog loved to eat grass. Therefore, I could never take him outside on his own. I was getting tired of supervising him while he was outside. I decided to buy him a muzzle. Now, he could play outside without eating grass.	 query:event: I went out to the store to purchase the muzzle. ends after I bought him a muzzle  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  My girlfriend and I went to the outer banks for Thanksgiving. We went to visit her family. It was a long drive. There was lots of traffic on the way. We still made it in time to celebrate with everyone.	 query:event: We slept over at her family's place ends after the celebration  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  My girlfriend and I went to the outer banks for Thanksgiving. We went to visit her family. It was a long drive. There was lots of traffic on the way. We still made it in time to celebrate with everyone.	 query:event: We slept over at her family's place ends before the celebration  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  My boss pulled me aside at work. I thought he was going to tell me Happy Birthday. Instead, he told me I wasn't needed today. I sulked home, not sure whether I was getting fired or not. When I arrived home, I walked into a surprise birthday party!	 query:event: I worked for a short time. ends before I walked into my surprise party  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Glenn bought his cats a feather toy. The cats seemed to love when Glenn played with them with the toy. "Eventually, though, they stole it and hid under the bed with it." "When Glenn finally retrieved the toy, the cats had torn it apart." He had to get them a new one the next day.	 query:event: Glenn owns a bed ends after He get them a new one  	pred: negative	 label: positive
story:  Glenn bought his cats a feather toy. The cats seemed to love when Glenn played with them with the toy. "Eventually, though, they stole it and hid under the bed with it." "When Glenn finally retrieved the toy, the cats had torn it apart." He had to get them a new one the next day.	 query:event: Glenn owns a bed ends before He get them a new one  	pred: positive	 label: negative
story:  "One day, Ernie went on a walk in the park." Ernie walked by the tennis courts and saw two beautiful women playing. "He had never played tennis before, but he decided to learn." "The next day he went to the park, and the ladies were there again." "They invited him to join them, and eventually one became his wife."	 query:event: Ernie bought himself a tennis racquet  ends before the next day he went back to the park  	pred: negative	 label: positive
